# Activity

Reference documentation for GraphQL schema types in the Activity category.

## addStar - mutation

Adds a star to a Starrable.

### Input fields for `addStar`

* `input` (AddStarInput!): 

### Return fields for `addStar`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `starrable` (Starrable): The starrable.

## AddStarInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of AddStar.

### Input fields for `AddStarInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `starrableId` (ID!): The Starrable ID to star.

## NotificationRestrictionSettingValue - enum

The possible values for the notification restriction setting.

### Values for `NotificationRestrictionSettingValue`

* `DISABLED`: The setting is disabled for the owner.
* `ENABLED`: The setting is enabled for the owner.

## removeStar - mutation

Removes a star from a Starrable.

### Input fields for `removeStar`

* `input` (RemoveStarInput!): 

### Return fields for `removeStar`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `starrable` (Starrable): The starrable.

## RemoveStarInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of RemoveStar.

### Input fields for `RemoveStarInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `starrableId` (ID!): The Starrable ID to unstar.

## StarOrder - input object

Ways in which star connections can be ordered.

### Input fields for `StarOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order nodes.
* `field` (StarOrderField!): The field in which to order nodes by.

## StarOrderField - enum

Properties by which star connections can be ordered.

### Values for `StarOrderField`

* `STARRED_AT`: Allows ordering a list of stars by when they were created.

## Starrable - interface

Things that can be starred.

### Fields for `Starrable`

* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the Starrable object.
* `stargazerCount` (Int!): Returns a count of how many stargazers there are on this object.
* `stargazers` (StargazerConnection!): A list of users who have starred this starrable.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (StarOrder): Order for connection.

* `viewerHasStarred` (Boolean!): Returns a boolean indicating whether the viewing user has starred this starrable.

### Implemented by

* Gist
* Repository
* Topic

## Subscribable - interface

Entities that can be subscribed to for web and email notifications.

### Fields for `Subscribable`

* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the Subscribable object.
* `viewerCanSubscribe` (Boolean!): Check if the viewer is able to change their subscription status for the repository.
* `viewerSubscription` (SubscriptionState): Identifies if the viewer is watching, not watching, or ignoring the subscribable entity.

### Implemented by

* Commit
* Discussion
* Issue
* PullRequest
* Repository
* Team

## SubscribableThread - interface

Entities that can be subscribed to for web and email notifications.

### Fields for `SubscribableThread`

* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the SubscribableThread object.
* `viewerThreadSubscriptionFormAction` (ThreadSubscriptionFormAction): Identifies the viewer's thread subscription form action.
* `viewerThreadSubscriptionStatus` (ThreadSubscriptionState): Identifies the viewer's thread subscription status.

### Implemented by

* Issue

## SubscriptionState - enum

The possible states of a subscription.

### Values for `SubscriptionState`

* `IGNORED`: The User is never notified.
* `SUBSCRIBED`: The User is notified of all conversations.
* `UNSUBSCRIBED`: The User is only notified when participating or @mentioned.

## ThreadSubscriptionFormAction - enum

The possible states of a thread subscription form action.

### Values for `ThreadSubscriptionFormAction`

* `NONE`: The User cannot subscribe or unsubscribe to the thread.
* `SUBSCRIBE`: The User can subscribe to the thread.
* `UNSUBSCRIBE`: The User can unsubscribe to the thread.

## ThreadSubscriptionState - enum

The possible states of a subscription.

### Values for `ThreadSubscriptionState`

* `DISABLED`: The subscription status is currently disabled.
* `IGNORING_LIST`: The User is never notified because they are ignoring the list.
* `IGNORING_THREAD`: The User is never notified because they are ignoring the thread.
* `NONE`: The User is not recieving notifications from this thread.
* `SUBSCRIBED_TO_LIST`: The User is notified becuase they are watching the list.
* `SUBSCRIBED_TO_THREAD`: The User is notified because they are subscribed to the thread.
* `SUBSCRIBED_TO_THREAD_EVENTS`: The User is notified because they chose custom settings for this thread.
* `SUBSCRIBED_TO_THREAD_TYPE`: The User is notified because they chose custom settings for this thread.
* `UNAVAILABLE`: The subscription status is currently unavailable.

## updateNotificationRestrictionSetting - mutation

Update the setting to restrict notifications to only verified or approved domains available to an owner.

### Input fields for `updateNotificationRestrictionSetting`

* `input` (UpdateNotificationRestrictionSettingInput!): 

### Return fields for `updateNotificationRestrictionSetting`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `owner` (VerifiableDomainOwner): The owner on which the setting was updated.

## UpdateNotificationRestrictionSettingInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdateNotificationRestrictionSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateNotificationRestrictionSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID of the owner on which to set the restrict notifications setting.
* `settingValue` (NotificationRestrictionSettingValue!): The value for the restrict notifications setting.

## updateSubscription - mutation

Updates the state for subscribable subjects.

### Input fields for `updateSubscription`

* `input` (UpdateSubscriptionInput!): 

### Return fields for `updateSubscription`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `subscribable` (Subscribable): The input subscribable entity.

## UpdateSubscriptionInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdateSubscription.

### Input fields for `UpdateSubscriptionInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `state` (SubscriptionState!): The new state of the subscription.
* `subscribableId` (ID!): The Node ID of the subscribable object to modify.