# Dependabot

Reference documentation for GraphQL schema types in the Dependabot category.

## DependabotUpdate - object

A Dependabot Update for a dependency in a repository.

**Implements:** RepositoryNode

### Fields for `DependabotUpdate`

* `error` (DependabotUpdateError): The error from a dependency update.
* `pullRequest` (PullRequest): The associated pull request.
* `repository` (Repository!): The repository associated with this node.

## DependabotUpdateError - object

An error produced from a Dependabot Update.

### Fields for `DependabotUpdateError`

* `body` (String!): The body of the error.
* `errorType` (String!): The error code.
* `title` (String!): The title of the error.

## DismissReason - enum

The possible reasons that a Dependabot alert was dismissed.

### Values for `DismissReason`

* `FIX_STARTED`: A fix has already been started.
* `INACCURATE`: This alert is inaccurate or incorrect.
* `NOT_USED`: Vulnerable code is not actually used.
* `NO_BANDWIDTH`: No bandwidth to fix this.
* `TOLERABLE_RISK`: Risk is tolerable to this project.

## dismissRepositoryVulnerabilityAlert - mutation

Dismisses the Dependabot alert.

### Input fields for `dismissRepositoryVulnerabilityAlert`

* `input` (DismissRepositoryVulnerabilityAlertInput!): 

### Return fields for `dismissRepositoryVulnerabilityAlert`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `repositoryVulnerabilityAlert` (RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert): The Dependabot alert that was dismissed.

## DismissRepositoryVulnerabilityAlertInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of DismissRepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.

### Input fields for `DismissRepositoryVulnerabilityAlertInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `dismissReason` (DismissReason!): The reason the Dependabot alert is being dismissed.
* `repositoryVulnerabilityAlertId` (ID!): The Dependabot alert ID to dismiss.

## RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert - object

A Dependabot alert for a repository with a dependency affected by a security vulnerability.

**Implements:** Node, RepositoryNode

### Fields for `RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert`

* `autoDismissedAt` (DateTime): When was the alert auto-dismissed?.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): When was the alert created?.
* `dependabotUpdate` (DependabotUpdate): The associated Dependabot update.
* `dependencyRelationship` (RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertDependencyRelationship): The relationship of an alert's dependency.
* `dependencyScope` (RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertDependencyScope): The scope of an alert's dependency.
* `dismissComment` (String): Comment explaining the reason the alert was dismissed.
* `dismissReason` (String): The reason the alert was dismissed.
* `dismissedAt` (DateTime): When was the alert dismissed?.
* `dismisser` (User): The user who dismissed the alert.
* `fixedAt` (DateTime): When was the alert fixed?.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert object.
* `number` (Int!): Identifies the alert number.
* `repository` (Repository!): The associated repository.
* `securityAdvisory` (SecurityAdvisory): The associated security advisory.
* `securityVulnerability` (SecurityVulnerability): The associated security vulnerability.
* `state` (RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertState!): Identifies the state of the alert.
* `vulnerableManifestFilename` (String!): The vulnerable manifest filename.
* `vulnerableManifestPath` (String!): The vulnerable manifest path.
* `vulnerableRequirements` (String): The vulnerable requirements.

## RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertConnection - object

The connection type for RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.

### Fields for `RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertConnection`

* `edges` ([RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertDependencyRelationship - enum

The possible relationships of an alert's dependency.

### Values for `RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertDependencyRelationship`

* `DIRECT`: A direct dependency of your project.
* `INCONCLUSIVE`: The relationship could not be determined.
* `TRANSITIVE`: A transitive dependency of your project.
* `UNKNOWN`: The relationship is unknown.

## RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertDependencyScope - enum

The possible scopes of an alert's dependency.

### Values for `RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertDependencyScope`

* `DEVELOPMENT`: A dependency that is only used in development.
* `RUNTIME`: A dependency that is leveraged during application runtime.

## RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert): The item at the end of the edge.

## RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertState - enum

The possible states of an alert.

### Values for `RepositoryVulnerabilityAlertState`

* `AUTO_DISMISSED`: An alert that has been automatically closed by Dependabot.
* `DISMISSED`: An alert that has been manually closed by a user.
* `FIXED`: An alert that has been resolved by a code change.
* `OPEN`: An alert that is still open.