# Git

Reference documentation for GraphQL schema types in the Git category.

## Blame - object

Represents a Git blame.

### Fields for `Blame`

* `ranges` ([BlameRange!]!): The list of ranges from a Git blame.

## BlameRange - object

Represents a range of information from a Git blame.

### Fields for `BlameRange`

* `age` (Int!): Identifies the recency of the change, from 1 (new) to 10 (old). This is
calculated as a 2-quantile and determines the length of distance between the
median age of all the changes in the file and the recency of the current
range's change.
* `commit` (Commit!): Identifies the line author.
* `endingLine` (Int!): The ending line for the range.
* `startingLine` (Int!): The starting line for the range.

## Blob - object

Represents a Git blob.

**Implements:** GitObject, Node

### Fields for `Blob`

* `abbreviatedOid` (String!): An abbreviated version of the Git object ID.
* `byteSize` (Int!): Byte size of Blob object.
* `commitResourcePath` (URI!): The HTTP path for this Git object.
* `commitUrl` (URI!): The HTTP URL for this Git object.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the Blob object.
* `isBinary` (Boolean): Indicates whether the Blob is binary or text. Returns null if unable to determine the encoding.
* `isTruncated` (Boolean!): Indicates whether the contents is truncated.
* `oid` (GitObjectID!): The Git object ID.
* `repository` (Repository!): The Repository the Git object belongs to.
* `text` (String): UTF8 text data or null if the Blob is binary.

## CommittableBranch - input object

A git ref for a commit to be appended to.
The ref must be a branch, i.e. its fully qualified name must start
with refs/heads/ (although the input is not required to be fully
qualified).
The Ref may be specified by its global node ID or by the
repositoryNameWithOwner and branchName.
Examples
Specify a branch using a global node ID:
{ "id": "MDM6UmVmMTpyZWZzL2hlYWRzL21haW4=" }

Specify a branch using repositoryNameWithOwner and branchName:
{
  "repositoryNameWithOwner": "github/graphql-client",
  "branchName": "main"
}.

### Input fields for `CommittableBranch`

* `branchName` (String): The unqualified name of the branch to append the commit to.
* `id` (ID): The Node ID of the Ref to be updated.
* `repositoryNameWithOwner` (String): The nameWithOwner of the repository to commit to.

## createRef - mutation

Create a new Git Ref.

### Input fields for `createRef`

* `input` (CreateRefInput!): 

### Return fields for `createRef`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ref` (Ref): The newly created ref.

## CreateRefInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of CreateRef.

### Input fields for `CreateRefInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `name` (String!): The fully qualified name of the new Ref (ie: refs/heads/my_new_branch).
* `oid` (GitObjectID!): The GitObjectID that the new Ref shall target. Must point to a commit.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the Repository to create the Ref in.

## deleteRef - mutation

Delete a Git Ref.

### Input fields for `deleteRef`

* `input` (DeleteRefInput!): 

### Return fields for `deleteRef`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.

## DeleteRefInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of DeleteRef.

### Input fields for `DeleteRefInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `refId` (ID!): The Node ID of the Ref to be deleted.

## FileAddition - input object

A command to add a file at the given path with the given contents as part of a
commit.  Any existing file at that that path will be replaced.

### Input fields for `FileAddition`

* `contents` (Base64String!): The base64 encoded contents of the file.
* `path` (String!): The path in the repository where the file will be located.

## FileChanges - input object

A description of a set of changes to a file tree to be made as part of
a git commit, modeled as zero or more file additions and zero or more
file deletions.
Both fields are optional; omitting both will produce a commit with no
file changes.
deletions and additions describe changes to files identified
by their path in the git tree using unix-style path separators, i.e.
/.  The root of a git tree is an empty string, so paths are not
slash-prefixed.
path values must be unique across all additions and deletions
provided.  Any duplication will result in a validation error.
Encoding
File contents must be provided in full for each FileAddition.
The contents of a FileAddition must be encoded using RFC 4648
compliant base64, i.e. correct padding is required and no characters
outside the standard alphabet may be used.  Invalid base64
encoding will be rejected with a validation error.
The encoded contents may be binary.
For text files, no assumptions are made about the character encoding of
the file contents (after base64 decoding).  No charset transcoding or
line-ending normalization will be performed; it is the client's
responsibility to manage the character encoding of files they provide.
However, for maximum compatibility we recommend using UTF-8 encoding
and ensuring that all files in a repository use a consistent
line-ending convention (\n or \r\n), and that all files end
with a newline.
Modeling file changes
Each of the the five types of conceptual changes that can be made in a
git commit can be described using the FileChanges type as follows:

New file addition: create file hello world\n at path docs/README.txt:
{
  "additions" [
    {
      "path": "docs/README.txt",
      "contents": base64encode("hello world\n")
    }
  ]
}

Existing file modification: change existing docs/README.txt to have new
content new content here\n:
{
  "additions" [
    {
      "path": "docs/README.txt",
      "contents": base64encode("new content here\n")
    }
  ]
}

Existing file deletion: remove existing file docs/README.txt.
Note that the path is required to exist -- specifying a
path that does not exist on the given branch will abort the
commit and return an error.
{
  "deletions" [
    {
      "path": "docs/README.txt"
    }
  ]
}

File rename with no changes: rename docs/README.txt with
previous content hello world\n to the same content at
newdocs/README.txt:
{
  "deletions" [
    {
      "path": "docs/README.txt",
    }
  ],
  "additions" [
    {
      "path": "newdocs/README.txt",
      "contents": base64encode("hello world\n")
    }
  ]
}

File rename with changes: rename docs/README.txt with
previous content hello world\n to a file at path
newdocs/README.txt with content new contents\n:
{
  "deletions" [
    {
      "path": "docs/README.txt",
    }
  ],
  "additions" [
    {
      "path": "newdocs/README.txt",
      "contents": base64encode("new contents\n")
    }
  ]
}.

### Input fields for `FileChanges`

* `additions` ([FileAddition!]): File to add or change.
* `deletions` ([FileDeletion!]): Files to delete.

## FileDeletion - input object

A command to delete the file at the given path as part of a commit.

### Input fields for `FileDeletion`

* `path` (String!): The path to delete.

## GitActor - object

Represents an actor in a Git commit (ie. an author or committer).

### Fields for `GitActor`

* `avatarUrl` (URI!): A URL pointing to the author's public avatar.
  * `size` (Int): The size of the resulting square image.

* `date` (GitTimestamp): The timestamp of the Git action (authoring or committing).
* `email` (String): The email in the Git commit.
* `name` (String): The name in the Git commit.
* `user` (User): The GitHub user corresponding to the email field. Null if no such user exists.

## GitActorConnection - object

The connection type for GitActor.

### Fields for `GitActorConnection`

* `edges` ([GitActorEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([GitActor]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## GitActorEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `GitActorEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (GitActor): The item at the end of the edge.

## GitObject - interface

Represents a Git object.

### Fields for `GitObject`

* `abbreviatedOid` (String!): An abbreviated version of the Git object ID.
* `commitResourcePath` (URI!): The HTTP path for this Git object.
* `commitUrl` (URI!): The HTTP URL for this Git object.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the GitObject object.
* `oid` (GitObjectID!): The Git object ID.
* `repository` (Repository!): The Repository the Git object belongs to.

### Implemented by

* Commit
* Blob
* Tag
* Tree

## GitSignature - interface

Information about a signature (GPG or S/MIME) on a Commit or Tag.

### Fields for `GitSignature`

* `email` (String!): Email used to sign this object.
* `isValid` (Boolean!): True if the signature is valid and verified by GitHub.
* `payload` (String!): Payload for GPG signing object. Raw ODB object without the signature header.
* `signature` (String!): ASCII-armored signature header from object.
* `signer` (User): GitHub user corresponding to the email signing this commit.
* `state` (GitSignatureState!): The state of this signature. VALID if signature is valid and verified by
GitHub, otherwise represents reason why signature is considered invalid.
* `verifiedAt` (DateTime): The date the signature was verified, if valid.
* `wasSignedByGitHub` (Boolean!): True if the signature was made with GitHub's signing key.

### Implemented by

* GpgSignature
* SmimeSignature
* SshSignature
* UnknownSignature

## GitSignatureState - enum

The state of a Git signature.

### Values for `GitSignatureState`

* `BAD_CERT`: The signing certificate or its chain could not be verified.
* `BAD_EMAIL`: Invalid email used for signing.
* `EXPIRED_KEY`: Signing key expired.
* `GPGVERIFY_ERROR`: Internal error - the GPG verification service misbehaved.
* `GPGVERIFY_UNAVAILABLE`: Internal error - the GPG verification service is unavailable at the moment.
* `INVALID`: Invalid signature.
* `MALFORMED_SIG`: Malformed signature.
* `NOT_SIGNING_KEY`: The usage flags for the key that signed this don't allow signing.
* `NO_USER`: Email used for signing not known to GitHub.
* `OCSP_ERROR`: Valid signature, though certificate revocation check failed.
* `OCSP_PENDING`: Valid signature, pending certificate revocation checking.
* `OCSP_REVOKED`: One or more certificates in chain has been revoked.
* `UNKNOWN_KEY`: Key used for signing not known to GitHub.
* `UNKNOWN_SIG_TYPE`: Unknown signature type.
* `UNSIGNED`: Unsigned.
* `UNVERIFIED_EMAIL`: Email used for signing unverified on GitHub.
* `VALID`: Valid signature and verified by GitHub.

## GpgSignature - object

Represents a GPG signature on a Commit or Tag.

**Implements:** GitSignature

### Fields for `GpgSignature`

* `email` (String!): Email used to sign this object.
* `isValid` (Boolean!): True if the signature is valid and verified by GitHub.
* `keyId` (String): Hex-encoded ID of the key that signed this object.
* `payload` (String!): Payload for GPG signing object. Raw ODB object without the signature header.
* `signature` (String!): ASCII-armored signature header from object.
* `signer` (User): GitHub user corresponding to the email signing this commit.
* `state` (GitSignatureState!): The state of this signature. VALID if signature is valid and verified by
GitHub, otherwise represents reason why signature is considered invalid.
* `verifiedAt` (DateTime): The date the signature was verified, if valid.
* `wasSignedByGitHub` (Boolean!): True if the signature was made with GitHub's signing key.

## Push - object

A Git push.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `Push`

* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the Push object.
* `nextSha` (GitObjectID): The SHA after the push.
* `permalink` (URI!): The permalink for this push.
* `previousSha` (GitObjectID): The SHA before the push.
* `pusher` (Actor!): The actor who pushed.
* `repository` (Repository!): The repository that was pushed to.

## Ref - object

Represents a Git reference.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `Ref`

* `associatedPullRequests` (PullRequestConnection!): A list of pull requests with this ref as the head ref.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `baseRefName` (String): The base ref name to filter the pull requests by.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `headRefName` (String): The head ref name to filter the pull requests by.
  * `labels` ([String!]): A list of label names to filter the pull requests by.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (IssueOrder): Ordering options for pull requests returned from the connection.
  * `states` ([PullRequestState!]): A list of states to filter the pull requests by.

* `branchProtectionRule` (BranchProtectionRule): Branch protection rules for this ref.
* `compare` (Comparison): Compares the current ref as a base ref to another head ref, if the comparison can be made.
  * `headRef` (String!): The head ref to compare against.

* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the Ref object.
* `name` (String!): The ref name.
* `prefix` (String!): The ref's prefix, such as refs/heads/ or refs/tags/.
* `refUpdateRule` (RefUpdateRule): Branch protection rules that are viewable by non-admins.
* `repository` (Repository!): The repository the ref belongs to.
* `rules` (RepositoryRuleConnection): A list of rules from active Repository and Organization rulesets that apply to this ref.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (RepositoryRuleOrder): Ordering options for repository rules.

* `target` (GitObject): The object the ref points to. Returns null when object does not exist.

## RefConnection - object

The connection type for Ref.

### Fields for `RefConnection`

* `edges` ([RefEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([Ref]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## RefEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `RefEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (Ref): The item at the end of the edge.

## RefOrder - input object

Ways in which lists of git refs can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `RefOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order refs by the specified field.
* `field` (RefOrderField!): The field in which to order refs by.

## RefOrderField - enum

Properties by which ref connections can be ordered.

### Values for `RefOrderField`

* `ALPHABETICAL`: Order refs by their alphanumeric name.
* `TAG_COMMIT_DATE`: Order refs by underlying commit date if the ref prefix is refs/tags/.

## RefUpdate - input object

A ref update.

### Input fields for `RefUpdate`

* `afterOid` (GitObjectID!): The value this ref should be updated to.
* `beforeOid` (GitObjectID): The value this ref needs to point to before the update.
* `force` (Boolean): Force a non fast-forward update.
* `name` (GitRefname!): The fully qualified name of the ref to be update. For example refs/heads/branch-name.

## RefUpdateRule - object

Branch protection rules that are enforced on the viewer.

### Fields for `RefUpdateRule`

* `allowsDeletions` (Boolean!): Can this branch be deleted.
* `allowsForcePushes` (Boolean!): Are force pushes allowed on this branch.
* `blocksCreations` (Boolean!): Can matching branches be created.
* `pattern` (String!): Identifies the protection rule pattern.
* `requiredApprovingReviewCount` (Int): Number of approving reviews required to update matching branches.
* `requiredStatusCheckContexts` ([String]): List of required status check contexts that must pass for commits to be accepted to matching branches.
* `requiresCodeOwnerReviews` (Boolean!): Are reviews from code owners required to update matching branches.
* `requiresConversationResolution` (Boolean!): Are conversations required to be resolved before merging.
* `requiresLinearHistory` (Boolean!): Are merge commits prohibited from being pushed to this branch.
* `requiresSignatures` (Boolean!): Are commits required to be signed.
* `viewerAllowedToDismissReviews` (Boolean!): Is the viewer allowed to dismiss reviews.
* `viewerCanPush` (Boolean!): Can the viewer push to the branch.

## SmimeSignature - object

Represents an S/MIME signature on a Commit or Tag.

**Implements:** GitSignature

### Fields for `SmimeSignature`

* `email` (String!): Email used to sign this object.
* `isValid` (Boolean!): True if the signature is valid and verified by GitHub.
* `payload` (String!): Payload for GPG signing object. Raw ODB object without the signature header.
* `signature` (String!): ASCII-armored signature header from object.
* `signer` (User): GitHub user corresponding to the email signing this commit.
* `state` (GitSignatureState!): The state of this signature. VALID if signature is valid and verified by
GitHub, otherwise represents reason why signature is considered invalid.
* `verifiedAt` (DateTime): The date the signature was verified, if valid.
* `wasSignedByGitHub` (Boolean!): True if the signature was made with GitHub's signing key.

## SshSignature - object

Represents an SSH signature on a Commit or Tag.

**Implements:** GitSignature

### Fields for `SshSignature`

* `email` (String!): Email used to sign this object.
* `isValid` (Boolean!): True if the signature is valid and verified by GitHub.
* `keyFingerprint` (String): Hex-encoded fingerprint of the key that signed this object.
* `payload` (String!): Payload for GPG signing object. Raw ODB object without the signature header.
* `signature` (String!): ASCII-armored signature header from object.
* `signer` (User): GitHub user corresponding to the email signing this commit.
* `state` (GitSignatureState!): The state of this signature. VALID if signature is valid and verified by
GitHub, otherwise represents reason why signature is considered invalid.
* `verifiedAt` (DateTime): The date the signature was verified, if valid.
* `wasSignedByGitHub` (Boolean!): True if the signature was made with GitHub's signing key.

## Submodule - object

A pointer to a repository at a specific revision embedded inside another repository.

### Fields for `Submodule`

* `branch` (String): The branch of the upstream submodule for tracking updates.
* `gitUrl` (URI!): The git URL of the submodule repository.
* `name` (String!): The name of the submodule in .gitmodules.
* `nameRaw` (Base64String!): The name of the submodule in .gitmodules (Base64-encoded).
* `path` (String!): The path in the superproject that this submodule is located in.
* `pathRaw` (Base64String!): The path in the superproject that this submodule is located in (Base64-encoded).
* `subprojectCommitOid` (GitObjectID): The commit revision of the subproject repository being tracked by the submodule.

## SubmoduleConnection - object

The connection type for Submodule.

### Fields for `SubmoduleConnection`

* `edges` ([SubmoduleEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([Submodule]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## SubmoduleEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `SubmoduleEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (Submodule): The item at the end of the edge.

## Tag - object

Represents a Git tag.

**Implements:** GitObject, Node

### Fields for `Tag`

* `abbreviatedOid` (String!): An abbreviated version of the Git object ID.
* `commitResourcePath` (URI!): The HTTP path for this Git object.
* `commitUrl` (URI!): The HTTP URL for this Git object.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the Tag object.
* `message` (String): The Git tag message.
* `name` (String!): The Git tag name.
* `oid` (GitObjectID!): The Git object ID.
* `repository` (Repository!): The Repository the Git object belongs to.
* `tagger` (GitActor): Details about the tag author.
* `target` (GitObject!): The Git object the tag points to.

## Tree - object

Represents a Git tree.

**Implements:** GitObject, Node

### Fields for `Tree`

* `abbreviatedOid` (String!): An abbreviated version of the Git object ID.
* `commitResourcePath` (URI!): The HTTP path for this Git object.
* `commitUrl` (URI!): The HTTP URL for this Git object.
* `entries` ([TreeEntry!]): A list of tree entries.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the Tree object.
* `oid` (GitObjectID!): The Git object ID.
* `repository` (Repository!): The Repository the Git object belongs to.

## TreeEntry - object

Represents a Git tree entry.

### Fields for `TreeEntry`

* `extension` (String): The extension of the file.
* `isGenerated` (Boolean!): Whether or not this tree entry is generated.
* `language` (Language): The programming language this file is written in.
* `lineCount` (Int): Number of lines in the file.
* `mode` (Int!): Entry file mode.
* `name` (String!): Entry file name.
* `nameRaw` (Base64String!): Entry file name. (Base64-encoded).
* `object` (GitObject): Entry file object.
* `oid` (GitObjectID!): Entry file Git object ID.
* `path` (String): The full path of the file.
* `pathRaw` (Base64String): The full path of the file. (Base64-encoded).
* `repository` (Repository!): The Repository the tree entry belongs to.
* `size` (Int!): Entry byte size.
* `submodule` (Submodule): If the TreeEntry is for a directory occupied by a submodule project, this returns the corresponding submodule.
* `type` (String!): Entry file type.

## UnknownSignature - object

Represents an unknown signature on a Commit or Tag.

**Implements:** GitSignature

### Fields for `UnknownSignature`

* `email` (String!): Email used to sign this object.
* `isValid` (Boolean!): True if the signature is valid and verified by GitHub.
* `payload` (String!): Payload for GPG signing object. Raw ODB object without the signature header.
* `signature` (String!): ASCII-armored signature header from object.
* `signer` (User): GitHub user corresponding to the email signing this commit.
* `state` (GitSignatureState!): The state of this signature. VALID if signature is valid and verified by
GitHub, otherwise represents reason why signature is considered invalid.
* `verifiedAt` (DateTime): The date the signature was verified, if valid.
* `wasSignedByGitHub` (Boolean!): True if the signature was made with GitHub's signing key.

## updateRef - mutation

Update a Git Ref.

### Input fields for `updateRef`

* `input` (UpdateRefInput!): 

### Return fields for `updateRef`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ref` (Ref): The updated Ref.

## UpdateRefInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdateRef.

### Input fields for `UpdateRefInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `force` (Boolean): Permit updates of branch Refs that are not fast-forwards?.
* `oid` (GitObjectID!): The GitObjectID that the Ref shall be updated to target.
* `refId` (ID!): The Node ID of the Ref to be updated.

## updateRefs - mutation

Creates, updates and/or deletes multiple refs in a repository.
This mutation takes a list of RefUpdates and performs these updates
on the repository. All updates are performed atomically, meaning that
if one of them is rejected, no other ref will be modified.
RefUpdate.beforeOid specifies that the given reference needs to point
to the given value before performing any updates. A value of
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000 can be used to verify that
the references should not exist.
RefUpdate.afterOid specifies the value that the given reference
will point to after performing all updates. A value of
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000 can be used to delete a
reference.
If RefUpdate.force is set to true, a non-fast-forward updates
for the given reference will be allowed.

### Input fields for `updateRefs`

* `input` (UpdateRefsInput!): 

### Return fields for `updateRefs`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.

## UpdateRefsInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdateRefs.

### Input fields for `UpdateRefsInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `refUpdates` ([RefUpdate!]!): A list of ref updates.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the repository.