# Packages

Reference documentation for GraphQL schema types in the Packages category.

## deletePackageVersion - mutation

Delete a package version.

### Input fields for `deletePackageVersion`

* `input` (DeletePackageVersionInput!): 

### Return fields for `deletePackageVersion`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `success` (Boolean): Whether or not the operation succeeded.

## DeletePackageVersionInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of DeletePackageVersion.

### Input fields for `DeletePackageVersionInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `packageVersionId` (ID!): The ID of the package version to be deleted.

## Package - object

Information for an uploaded package.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `Package`

* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the Package object.
* `latestVersion` (PackageVersion): Find the latest version for the package.
* `name` (String!): Identifies the name of the package.
* `packageType` (PackageType!): Identifies the type of the package.
* `repository` (Repository): The repository this package belongs to.
* `statistics` (PackageStatistics): Statistics about package activity.
* `version` (PackageVersion): Find package version by version string.
  * `version` (String!): The package version.

* `versions` (PackageVersionConnection!): list of versions for this package.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (PackageVersionOrder): Ordering of the returned packages.

## PackageConnection - object

The connection type for Package.

### Fields for `PackageConnection`

* `edges` ([PackageEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([Package]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## PackageEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `PackageEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (Package): The item at the end of the edge.

## PackageFile - object

A file in a package version.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `PackageFile`

* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the PackageFile object.
* `md5` (String): MD5 hash of the file.
* `name` (String!): Name of the file.
* `packageVersion` (PackageVersion): The package version this file belongs to.
* `sha1` (String): SHA1 hash of the file.
* `sha256` (String): SHA256 hash of the file.
* `size` (Int): Size of the file in bytes.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.
* `url` (URI): URL to download the asset.

## PackageFileConnection - object

The connection type for PackageFile.

### Fields for `PackageFileConnection`

* `edges` ([PackageFileEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([PackageFile]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## PackageFileEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `PackageFileEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (PackageFile): The item at the end of the edge.

## PackageFileOrder - input object

Ways in which lists of package files can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `PackageFileOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection): The direction in which to order package files by the specified field.
* `field` (PackageFileOrderField): The field in which to order package files by.

## PackageFileOrderField - enum

Properties by which package file connections can be ordered.

### Values for `PackageFileOrderField`

* `CREATED_AT`: Order package files by creation time.

## PackageOrder - input object

Ways in which lists of packages can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `PackageOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection): The direction in which to order packages by the specified field.
* `field` (PackageOrderField): The field in which to order packages by.

## PackageOrderField - enum

Properties by which package connections can be ordered.

### Values for `PackageOrderField`

* `CREATED_AT`: Order packages by creation time.

## PackageOwner - interface

Represents an owner of a package.

### Fields for `PackageOwner`

* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the PackageOwner object.
* `packages` (PackageConnection!): A list of packages under the owner.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `names` ([String]): Find packages by their names.
  * `orderBy` (PackageOrder): Ordering of the returned packages.
  * `packageType` (PackageType): Filter registry package by type.
  * `repositoryId` (ID): Find packages in a repository by ID.

### Implemented by

* Organization
* Repository
* User

## PackageStatistics - object

Represents a object that contains package activity statistics such as downloads.

### Fields for `PackageStatistics`

* `downloadsTotalCount` (Int!): Number of times the package was downloaded since it was created.

## PackageTag - object

A version tag contains the mapping between a tag name and a version.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `PackageTag`

* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the PackageTag object.
* `name` (String!): Identifies the tag name of the version.
* `version` (PackageVersion): Version that the tag is associated with.

## PackageType - enum

The possible types of a package.

### Values for `PackageType`

* `DEBIAN`: A debian package.
* `DOCKER`: A docker image.
* `MAVEN`: A maven package.
* `NPM`: An npm package.
* `NUGET`: A nuget package.
* `PYPI`: A python package.
* `RUBYGEMS`: A rubygems package.

## PackageVersion - object

Information about a specific package version.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `PackageVersion`

* `files` (PackageFileConnection!): List of files associated with this package version.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (PackageFileOrder): Ordering of the returned package files.

* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the PackageVersion object.
* `package` (Package): The package associated with this version.
* `platform` (String): The platform this version was built for.
* `preRelease` (Boolean!): Whether or not this version is a pre-release.
* `readme` (String): The README of this package version.
* `release` (Release): The release associated with this package version.
* `statistics` (PackageVersionStatistics): Statistics about package activity.
* `summary` (String): The package version summary.
* `version` (String!): The version string.

## PackageVersionConnection - object

The connection type for PackageVersion.

### Fields for `PackageVersionConnection`

* `edges` ([PackageVersionEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([PackageVersion]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## PackageVersionEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `PackageVersionEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (PackageVersion): The item at the end of the edge.

## PackageVersionOrder - input object

Ways in which lists of package versions can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `PackageVersionOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection): The direction in which to order package versions by the specified field.
* `field` (PackageVersionOrderField): The field in which to order package versions by.

## PackageVersionOrderField - enum

Properties by which package version connections can be ordered.

### Values for `PackageVersionOrderField`

* `CREATED_AT`: Order package versions by creation time.

## PackageVersionStatistics - object

Represents a object that contains package version activity statistics such as downloads.

### Fields for `PackageVersionStatistics`

* `downloadsTotalCount` (Int!): Number of times the package was downloaded since it was created.