# Projects

Reference documentation for GraphQL schema types in the Projects category.

## AddedToProjectV2Event - object

Represents aadded_to_project_v2event on a given issue or pull request.

**Implements:** Node, ProjectV2Event

### Fields for `AddedToProjectV2Event`

* `actor` (Actor): Identifies the actor who performed the event.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the AddedToProjectV2Event object.
* `project` (ProjectV2): Project referenced by event.
* `wasAutomated` (Boolean!): Did this event result from workflow automation?.

## addProjectV2DraftIssue - mutation

Creates a new draft issue and add it to a Project.

### Input fields for `addProjectV2DraftIssue`

* `input` (AddProjectV2DraftIssueInput!): 

### Return fields for `addProjectV2DraftIssue`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectItem` (ProjectV2Item): The draft issue added to the project.

## AddProjectV2DraftIssueInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of AddProjectV2DraftIssue.

### Input fields for `AddProjectV2DraftIssueInput`

* `assigneeIds` ([ID!]): The IDs of the assignees of the draft issue.
* `body` (String): The body of the draft issue.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to add the draft issue to.
* `title` (String!): The title of the draft issue. A project item can also be created by providing
the URL of an Issue or Pull Request if you have access.

## addProjectV2ItemById - mutation

Links an existing content instance to a Project.

### Input fields for `addProjectV2ItemById`

* `input` (AddProjectV2ItemByIdInput!): 

### Return fields for `addProjectV2ItemById`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `item` (ProjectV2Item): The item added to the project.

## AddProjectV2ItemByIdInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of AddProjectV2ItemById.

### Input fields for `AddProjectV2ItemByIdInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `contentId` (ID!): The id of the Issue or Pull Request to add.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to add the item to.

## archiveProjectV2Item - mutation

Archives a ProjectV2Item.

### Input fields for `archiveProjectV2Item`

* `input` (ArchiveProjectV2ItemInput!): 

### Return fields for `archiveProjectV2Item`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `item` (ProjectV2Item): The item archived from the project.

## ArchiveProjectV2ItemInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of ArchiveProjectV2Item.

### Input fields for `ArchiveProjectV2ItemInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the ProjectV2Item to archive.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to archive the item from.

## clearProjectV2ItemFieldValue - mutation

This mutation clears the value of a field for an item in a Project. Currently
only text, number, date, assignees, labels, single-select, iteration and
milestone fields are supported.

### Input fields for `clearProjectV2ItemFieldValue`

* `input` (ClearProjectV2ItemFieldValueInput!): 

### Return fields for `clearProjectV2ItemFieldValue`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectV2Item` (ProjectV2Item): The updated item.

## ClearProjectV2ItemFieldValueInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of ClearProjectV2ItemFieldValue.

### Input fields for `ClearProjectV2ItemFieldValueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `fieldId` (ID!): The ID of the field to be cleared.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the item to be cleared.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project.

## convertProjectV2DraftIssueItemToIssue - mutation

Converts a projectV2 draft issue item to an issue.

### Input fields for `convertProjectV2DraftIssueItemToIssue`

* `input` (ConvertProjectV2DraftIssueItemToIssueInput!): 

### Return fields for `convertProjectV2DraftIssueItemToIssue`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `item` (ProjectV2Item): The updated project item.

## ConvertProjectV2DraftIssueItemToIssueInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of ConvertProjectV2DraftIssueItemToIssue.

### Input fields for `ConvertProjectV2DraftIssueItemToIssueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the draft issue ProjectV2Item to convert.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to create the issue in.

## copyProjectV2 - mutation

Copy a project.

### Input fields for `copyProjectV2`

* `input` (CopyProjectV2Input!): 

### Return fields for `copyProjectV2`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectV2` (ProjectV2): The copied project.

## CopyProjectV2Input - input object

Autogenerated input type of CopyProjectV2.

### Input fields for `CopyProjectV2Input`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `includeDraftIssues` (Boolean): Include draft issues in the new project.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The owner ID of the new project.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the source Project to copy.
* `title` (String!): The title of the project.

## createProjectV2 - mutation

Creates a new project.

### Input fields for `createProjectV2`

* `input` (CreateProjectV2Input!): 

### Return fields for `createProjectV2`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectV2` (ProjectV2): The new project.

## createProjectV2Field - mutation

Create a new project field.

### Input fields for `createProjectV2Field`

* `input` (CreateProjectV2FieldInput!): 

### Return fields for `createProjectV2Field`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectV2Field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration): The new field.

## CreateProjectV2FieldInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of CreateProjectV2Field.

### Input fields for `CreateProjectV2FieldInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `dataType` (ProjectV2CustomFieldType!): The data type of the field.
* `iterationConfiguration` (ProjectV2IterationFieldConfigurationInput): Configuration for an iteration field.
* `name` (String!): The name of the field.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to create the field in.
* `singleSelectOptions` ([ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionInput!]): Options for a single select field. At least one value is required if data_type is SINGLE_SELECT.

## CreateProjectV2Input - input object

Autogenerated input type of CreateProjectV2.

### Input fields for `CreateProjectV2Input`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The owner ID to create the project under.
* `repositoryId` (ID): The repository to link the project to.
* `teamId` (ID): The team to link the project to. The team will be granted read permissions.
* `title` (String!): The title of the project.

## createProjectV2IssueField - mutation

Create a new project issue field.

### Input fields for `createProjectV2IssueField`

* `input` (CreateProjectV2IssueFieldInput!): 

### Return fields for `createProjectV2IssueField`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectV2Field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration): The new field.

## CreateProjectV2IssueFieldInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of CreateProjectV2IssueField.

### Input fields for `CreateProjectV2IssueFieldInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueFieldId` (ID!): The ID of the IssueField to create the field for.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to create the field in.

## createProjectV2StatusUpdate - mutation

Creates a status update within a Project.

### Input fields for `createProjectV2StatusUpdate`

* `input` (CreateProjectV2StatusUpdateInput!): 

### Return fields for `createProjectV2StatusUpdate`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `statusUpdate` (ProjectV2StatusUpdate): The status update updated in the project.

## CreateProjectV2StatusUpdateInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of CreateProjectV2StatusUpdate.

### Input fields for `CreateProjectV2StatusUpdateInput`

* `body` (String): The body of the status update.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to create the status update in.
* `startDate` (Date): The start date of the status update.
* `status` (ProjectV2StatusUpdateStatus): The status of the status update.
* `targetDate` (Date): The target date of the status update.

## deleteProjectV2 - mutation

Delete a project.

### Input fields for `deleteProjectV2`

* `input` (DeleteProjectV2Input!): 

### Return fields for `deleteProjectV2`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectV2` (ProjectV2): The deleted Project.

## deleteProjectV2Field - mutation

Delete a project field.

### Input fields for `deleteProjectV2Field`

* `input` (DeleteProjectV2FieldInput!): 

### Return fields for `deleteProjectV2Field`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectV2Field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration): The deleted field.

## DeleteProjectV2FieldInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProjectV2Field.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectV2FieldInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `fieldId` (ID!): The ID of the field to delete.

## DeleteProjectV2Input - input object

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProjectV2.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectV2Input`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to delete.

## deleteProjectV2Item - mutation

Deletes an item from a Project.

### Input fields for `deleteProjectV2Item`

* `input` (DeleteProjectV2ItemInput!): 

### Return fields for `deleteProjectV2Item`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `deletedItemId` (ID): The ID of the deleted item.

## DeleteProjectV2ItemInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProjectV2Item.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectV2ItemInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the item to be removed.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project from which the item should be removed.

## deleteProjectV2StatusUpdate - mutation

Deletes a project status update.

### Input fields for `deleteProjectV2StatusUpdate`

* `input` (DeleteProjectV2StatusUpdateInput!): 

### Return fields for `deleteProjectV2StatusUpdate`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `deletedStatusUpdateId` (ID): The ID of the deleted status update.
* `projectV2` (ProjectV2): The project the deleted status update was in.

## DeleteProjectV2StatusUpdateInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProjectV2StatusUpdate.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectV2StatusUpdateInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `statusUpdateId` (ID!): The ID of the status update to be removed.

## deleteProjectV2Workflow - mutation

Deletes a project workflow.

### Input fields for `deleteProjectV2Workflow`

* `input` (DeleteProjectV2WorkflowInput!): 

### Return fields for `deleteProjectV2Workflow`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `deletedWorkflowId` (ID): The ID of the deleted workflow.
* `projectV2` (ProjectV2): The project the deleted workflow was in.

## DeleteProjectV2WorkflowInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProjectV2Workflow.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectV2WorkflowInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `workflowId` (ID!): The ID of the workflow to be removed.

## DraftIssue - object

A draft issue within a project.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `DraftIssue`

* `assignees` (UserConnection!): A list of users to assigned to this draft issue. _(Pagination: `after`, `before`, `first`, `last`)_
* `body` (String!): The body of the draft issue.
* `bodyHTML` (HTML!): The body of the draft issue rendered to HTML.
* `bodyText` (String!): The body of the draft issue rendered to text.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `creator` (Actor): The actor who created this draft issue.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the DraftIssue object.
* `projectV2Items` (ProjectV2ItemConnection!): List of items linked with the draft issue (currently draft issue can be linked to only one item). _(Pagination: `after`, `before`, `first`, `last`)_
* `projectsV2` (ProjectV2Connection!): Projects that link to this draft issue (currently draft issue can be linked to only one project). _(Pagination: `after`, `before`, `first`, `last`)_
* `title` (String!): The title of the draft issue.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## linkProjectV2ToRepository - mutation

Links a project to a repository.

### Input fields for `linkProjectV2ToRepository`

* `input` (LinkProjectV2ToRepositoryInput!): 

### Return fields for `linkProjectV2ToRepository`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `repository` (Repository): The repository the project is linked to.

## LinkProjectV2ToRepositoryInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of LinkProjectV2ToRepository.

### Input fields for `LinkProjectV2ToRepositoryInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the project to link to the repository.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to link to the project.

## linkProjectV2ToTeam - mutation

Links a project to a team.

### Input fields for `linkProjectV2ToTeam`

* `input` (LinkProjectV2ToTeamInput!): 

### Return fields for `linkProjectV2ToTeam`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `team` (Team): The team the project is linked to.

## LinkProjectV2ToTeamInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of LinkProjectV2ToTeam.

### Input fields for `LinkProjectV2ToTeamInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the project to link to the team.
* `teamId` (ID!): The ID of the team to link to the project.

## markProjectV2AsTemplate - mutation

Mark a project as a template. Note that only projects which are owned by an Organization can be marked as a template.

### Input fields for `markProjectV2AsTemplate`

* `input` (MarkProjectV2AsTemplateInput!): 

### Return fields for `markProjectV2AsTemplate`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectV2` (ProjectV2): The project.

## MarkProjectV2AsTemplateInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of MarkProjectV2AsTemplate.

### Input fields for `MarkProjectV2AsTemplateInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to mark as a template.

## OrganizationOrUser - union

Used for argument of CreateProjectV2 mutation.

### Possible types for `OrganizationOrUser`

* Organization
* User

## ProjectV2 - object

New projects that manage issues, pull requests and drafts using tables and boards.

**Implements:** Closable, Node, Updatable

### Fields for `ProjectV2`

* `closed` (Boolean!): Returns true if the project is closed.
* `closedAt` (DateTime): Identifies the date and time when the object was closed.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `creator` (Actor): The actor who originally created the project.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database. **Deprecated:** databaseId will be removed because it does not support 64-bit signed integer identifiers. Use fullDatabaseId instead. Removal on 2025-04-01 UTC.
* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration): A field of the project.
  * `name` (String!): The name of the field.

* `fields` (ProjectV2FieldConfigurationConnection!): List of fields and their constraints in the project.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2FieldOrder): Ordering options for project v2 fields returned from the connection.

* `fullDatabaseId` (BigInt): Identifies the primary key from the database as a BigInt.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2 object.
* `items` (ProjectV2ItemConnection!): List of items in the project.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2ItemOrder): Ordering options for project v2 items returned from the connection.
  * `query` (String): Search query for filtering items. Default: ``.

* `number` (Int!): The project's number.
* `owner` (ProjectV2Owner!): The project's owner. Currently limited to organizations and users.
* `public` (Boolean!): Returns true if the project is public.
* `readme` (String): The project's readme.
* `repositories` (RepositoryConnection!): The repositories the project is linked to.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (RepositoryOrder): Ordering options for repositories returned from the connection.

* `resourcePath` (URI!): The HTTP path for this project.
* `shortDescription` (String): The project's short description.
* `statusUpdates` (ProjectV2StatusUpdateConnection!): List of the status updates in the project.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2StatusOrder): Order for connection.

* `teams` (TeamConnection!): The teams the project is linked to.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (TeamOrder): Ordering options for teams returned from this connection.

* `template` (Boolean!): Returns true if this project is a template.
* `title` (String!): The project's name.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.
* `url` (URI!): The HTTP URL for this project.
* `view` (ProjectV2View): A view of the project.
  * `number` (Int!): The number of a view belonging to the project.

* `viewerCanClose` (Boolean!): Indicates if the object can be closed by the viewer.
* `viewerCanReopen` (Boolean!): Indicates if the object can be reopened by the viewer.
* `viewerCanUpdate` (Boolean!): Check if the current viewer can update this object.
* `views` (ProjectV2ViewConnection!): List of views in the project.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2ViewOrder): Ordering options for project v2 views returned from the connection.

* `workflow` (ProjectV2Workflow): A workflow of the project.
  * `number` (Int!): The number of a workflow belonging to the project.

* `workflows` (ProjectV2WorkflowConnection!): List of the workflows in the project.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2WorkflowOrder): Ordering options for project v2 workflows returned from the connection.

## ProjectV2Actor - union

Possible collaborators for a project.

### Possible types for `ProjectV2Actor`

* Team
* User

## ProjectV2ActorConnection - object

The connection type for ProjectV2Actor.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ActorConnection`

* `edges` ([ProjectV2ActorEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([ProjectV2Actor]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## ProjectV2ActorEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ActorEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (ProjectV2Actor): The item at the end of the edge.

## ProjectV2Collaborator - input object

A collaborator to update on a project. Only one of the userId or teamId should be provided.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2Collaborator`

* `role` (ProjectV2Roles!): The role to grant the collaborator.
* `teamId` (ID): The ID of the team as a collaborator.
* `userId` (ID): The ID of the user as a collaborator.

## ProjectV2Connection - object

The connection type for ProjectV2.

### Fields for `ProjectV2Connection`

* `edges` ([ProjectV2Edge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([ProjectV2]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## ProjectV2CustomFieldType - enum

The type of a project field.

### Values for `ProjectV2CustomFieldType`

* `DATE`: Date.
* `ITERATION`: Iteration.
* `NUMBER`: Number.
* `SINGLE_SELECT`: Single Select.
* `TEXT`: Text.

## ProjectV2Edge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `ProjectV2Edge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (ProjectV2): The item at the end of the edge.

## ProjectV2Event - interface

Represents an event related to a project on the timeline of an issue or pull request.

### Fields for `ProjectV2Event`

* `project` (ProjectV2): Project referenced by event.
* `wasAutomated` (Boolean!): Did this event result from workflow automation?.

### Implemented by

* AddedToProjectV2Event
* ProjectV2ItemStatusChangedEvent
* RemovedFromProjectV2Event
* ConvertedFromDraftEvent

## ProjectV2Field - object

A field inside a project.

**Implements:** Node, ProjectV2FieldCommon

### Fields for `ProjectV2Field`

* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `dataType` (ProjectV2FieldType!): The field's type.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2Field object.
* `name` (String!): The project field's name.
* `project` (ProjectV2!): The project that contains this field.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## ProjectV2FieldCommon - interface

Common fields across different project field types.

### Fields for `ProjectV2FieldCommon`

* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `dataType` (ProjectV2FieldType!): The field's type.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2FieldCommon object.
* `name` (String!): The project field's name.
* `project` (ProjectV2!): The project that contains this field.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

### Implemented by

* ProjectV2Field
* ProjectV2IterationField
* ProjectV2SingleSelectField

## ProjectV2FieldConfiguration - union

Configurations for project fields.

### Possible types for `ProjectV2FieldConfiguration`

* ProjectV2Field
* ProjectV2IterationField
* ProjectV2SingleSelectField

## ProjectV2FieldConfigurationConnection - object

The connection type for ProjectV2FieldConfiguration.

### Fields for `ProjectV2FieldConfigurationConnection`

* `edges` ([ProjectV2FieldConfigurationEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([ProjectV2FieldConfiguration]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## ProjectV2FieldConfigurationEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `ProjectV2FieldConfigurationEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration): The item at the end of the edge.

## ProjectV2FieldConnection - object

The connection type for ProjectV2Field.

### Fields for `ProjectV2FieldConnection`

* `edges` ([ProjectV2FieldEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([ProjectV2Field]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## ProjectV2FieldEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `ProjectV2FieldEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (ProjectV2Field): The item at the end of the edge.

## ProjectV2FieldOrder - input object

Ordering options for project v2 field connections.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2FieldOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (ProjectV2FieldOrderField!): The field to order the project v2 fields by.

## ProjectV2FieldOrderField - enum

Properties by which project v2 field connections can be ordered.

### Values for `ProjectV2FieldOrderField`

* `CREATED_AT`: Order project v2 fields by creation time.
* `NAME`: Order project v2 fields by name.
* `POSITION`: Order project v2 fields by position.

## ProjectV2FieldType - enum

The type of a project field.

### Values for `ProjectV2FieldType`

* `ASSIGNEES`: Assignees.
* `CLOSED`: Closed.
* `CREATED`: Created.
* `DATE`: Date.
* `ISSUE_TYPE`: Issue type.
* `ITERATION`: Iteration.
* `LABELS`: Labels.
* `LINKED_PULL_REQUESTS`: Linked Pull Requests.
* `MILESTONE`: Milestone.
* `NUMBER`: Number.
* `PARENT_ISSUE`: Parent issue.
* `REPOSITORY`: Repository.
* `REVIEWERS`: Reviewers.
* `SINGLE_SELECT`: Single Select.
* `SUB_ISSUES_PROGRESS`: Sub-issues progress.
* `TEXT`: Text.
* `TITLE`: Title.
* `TRACKED_BY`: Tracked by.
* `TRACKS`: Tracks.
* `UPDATED`: Updated.

## ProjectV2FieldValue - input object

The values that can be used to update a field of an item inside a Project. Only 1 value can be updated at a time.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2FieldValue`

* `date` (Date): The ISO 8601 date to set on the field.
* `iterationId` (String): The id of the iteration to set on the field.
* `number` (Float): The number to set on the field.
* `singleSelectOptionId` (String): The id of the single select option to set on the field.
* `text` (String): The text to set on the field.

## ProjectV2Filters - input object

Ways in which to filter lists of projects.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2Filters`

* `state` (ProjectV2State): List project v2 filtered by the state given.

## ProjectV2IssueFieldValues - union

Possible issue field values for a Project item.

### Possible types for `ProjectV2IssueFieldValues`

* IssueFieldDateValue
* IssueFieldNumberValue
* IssueFieldSingleSelectValue
* IssueFieldTextValue

## ProjectV2Item - object

An item within a Project.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `ProjectV2Item`

* `content` (ProjectV2ItemContent): The content of the referenced draft issue, issue, pull request.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `creator` (Actor): The actor who created the item.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database. **Deprecated:** databaseId will be removed because it does not support 64-bit signed integer identifiers. Use fullDatabaseId instead. Removal on 2025-04-01 UTC.
* `fieldValueByName` (ProjectV2ItemFieldValue): The field value of the first project field which matches thenameargument that is set on the item.
  * `name` (String!): The name of the field to return the field value of.

* `fieldValues` (ProjectV2ItemFieldValueConnection!): The field values that are set on the item.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2ItemFieldValueOrder): Ordering options for project v2 item field values returned from the connection.

* `fullDatabaseId` (BigInt): Identifies the primary key from the database as a BigInt.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2Item object.
* `isArchived` (Boolean!): Whether the item is archived.
* `project` (ProjectV2!): The project that contains this item.
* `type` (ProjectV2ItemType!): The type of the item.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## ProjectV2ItemConnection - object

The connection type for ProjectV2Item.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemConnection`

* `edges` ([ProjectV2ItemEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([ProjectV2Item]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## ProjectV2ItemContent - union

Types that can be inside Project Items.

### Possible types for `ProjectV2ItemContent`

* DraftIssue
* Issue
* PullRequest

## ProjectV2ItemEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (ProjectV2Item): The item at the end of the edge.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldDateValue - object

The value of a date field in a Project item.

**Implements:** Node, ProjectV2ItemFieldValueCommon

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldDateValue`

* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `creator` (Actor): The actor who created the item.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database.
* `date` (Date): Date value for the field.
* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The project field that contains this value.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2ItemFieldDateValue object.
* `item` (ProjectV2Item!): The project item that contains this value.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldIterationValue - object

The value of an iteration field in a Project item.

**Implements:** Node, ProjectV2ItemFieldValueCommon

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldIterationValue`

* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `creator` (Actor): The actor who created the item.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database.
* `duration` (Int!): The duration of the iteration in days.
* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The project field that contains this value.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2ItemFieldIterationValue object.
* `item` (ProjectV2Item!): The project item that contains this value.
* `iterationId` (String!): The ID of the iteration.
* `startDate` (Date!): The start date of the iteration.
* `title` (String!): The title of the iteration.
* `titleHTML` (String!): The title of the iteration, with HTML.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldLabelValue - object

The value of the labels field in a Project item.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldLabelValue`

* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The field that contains this value.
* `labels` (LabelConnection): Labels value of a field. _(Pagination: `after`, `before`, `first`, `last`)_

## ProjectV2ItemFieldMilestoneValue - object

The value of a milestone field in a Project item.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldMilestoneValue`

* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The field that contains this value.
* `milestone` (Milestone): Milestone value of a field.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldNumberValue - object

The value of a number field in a Project item.

**Implements:** Node, ProjectV2ItemFieldValueCommon

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldNumberValue`

* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `creator` (Actor): The actor who created the item.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database.
* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The project field that contains this value.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2ItemFieldNumberValue object.
* `item` (ProjectV2Item!): The project item that contains this value.
* `number` (Float): Number as a float(8).
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldPullRequestValue - object

The value of a pull request field in a Project item.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldPullRequestValue`

* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The field that contains this value.
* `pullRequests` (PullRequestConnection): The pull requests for this field.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (PullRequestOrder): Ordering options for pull requests.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldRepositoryValue - object

The value of a repository field in a Project item.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldRepositoryValue`

* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The field that contains this value.
* `repository` (Repository): The repository for this field.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldReviewerValue - object

The value of a reviewers field in a Project item.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldReviewerValue`

* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The field that contains this value.
* `reviewers` (RequestedReviewerConnection): The reviewers for this field. _(Pagination: `after`, `before`, `first`, `last`)_

## ProjectV2ItemFieldSingleSelectValue - object

The value of a single select field in a Project item.

**Implements:** Node, ProjectV2ItemFieldValueCommon

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldSingleSelectValue`

* `color` (ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionColor!): The color applied to the selected single-select option.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `creator` (Actor): The actor who created the item.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database.
* `description` (String): A plain-text description of the selected single-select option, such as what the option means.
* `descriptionHTML` (String): The description of the selected single-select option, including HTML tags.
* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The project field that contains this value.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2ItemFieldSingleSelectValue object.
* `item` (ProjectV2Item!): The project item that contains this value.
* `name` (String): The name of the selected single select option.
* `nameHTML` (String): The html name of the selected single select option.
* `optionId` (String): The id of the selected single select option.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldTextValue - object

The value of a text field in a Project item.

**Implements:** Node, ProjectV2ItemFieldValueCommon

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldTextValue`

* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `creator` (Actor): The actor who created the item.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database.
* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The project field that contains this value.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2ItemFieldTextValue object.
* `item` (ProjectV2Item!): The project item that contains this value.
* `text` (String): Text value of a field.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldUserValue - object

The value of a user field in a Project item.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldUserValue`

* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The field that contains this value.
* `users` (UserConnection): The users for this field. _(Pagination: `after`, `before`, `first`, `last`)_

## ProjectV2ItemFieldValue - union

Project field values.

### Possible types for `ProjectV2ItemFieldValue`

* ProjectV2ItemFieldDateValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldIterationValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldLabelValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldMilestoneValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldNumberValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldPullRequestValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldRepositoryValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldReviewerValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldSingleSelectValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldTextValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldUserValue
* ProjectV2ItemIssueFieldValue

## ProjectV2ItemFieldValueCommon - interface

Common fields across different project field value types.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldValueCommon`

* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `creator` (Actor): The actor who created the item.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database.
* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The project field that contains this value.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2ItemFieldValueCommon object.
* `item` (ProjectV2Item!): The project item that contains this value.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

### Implemented by

* ProjectV2ItemFieldDateValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldIterationValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldNumberValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldSingleSelectValue
* ProjectV2ItemFieldTextValue

## ProjectV2ItemFieldValueConnection - object

The connection type for ProjectV2ItemFieldValue.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldValueConnection`

* `edges` ([ProjectV2ItemFieldValueEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([ProjectV2ItemFieldValue]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldValueEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldValueEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (ProjectV2ItemFieldValue): The item at the end of the edge.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldValueOrder - input object

Ordering options for project v2 item field value connections.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldValueOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (ProjectV2ItemFieldValueOrderField!): The field to order the project v2 item field values by.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldValueOrderField - enum

Properties by which project v2 item field value connections can be ordered.

### Values for `ProjectV2ItemFieldValueOrderField`

* `POSITION`: Order project v2 item field values by the their position in the project.

## ProjectV2ItemIssueFieldValue - object

The value of an issue field in a Project item.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemIssueFieldValue`

* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): Field that contains this value.
* `issueFieldValue` (ProjectV2IssueFieldValues): Value of the Issue Field.

## ProjectV2ItemOrder - input object

Ordering options for project v2 item connections.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2ItemOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (ProjectV2ItemOrderField!): The field to order the project v2 items by.

## ProjectV2ItemOrderField - enum

Properties by which project v2 item connections can be ordered.

### Values for `ProjectV2ItemOrderField`

* `POSITION`: Order project v2 items by the their position in the project.

## ProjectV2ItemStatusChangedEvent - object

Represents aproject_v2_item_status_changedevent on a given issue or pull request.

**Implements:** Node, ProjectV2Event

### Fields for `ProjectV2ItemStatusChangedEvent`

* `actor` (Actor): Identifies the actor who performed the event.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2ItemStatusChangedEvent object.
* `previousStatus` (String!): The previous status of the project item.
* `project` (ProjectV2): Project referenced by event.
* `status` (String!): The new status of the project item.
* `wasAutomated` (Boolean!): Did this event result from workflow automation?.

## ProjectV2ItemType - enum

The type of a project item.

### Values for `ProjectV2ItemType`

* `DRAFT_ISSUE`: Draft Issue.
* `ISSUE`: Issue.
* `PULL_REQUEST`: Pull Request.
* `REDACTED`: Redacted Item.

## ProjectV2Iteration - input object

Represents an iteration.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2Iteration`

* `duration` (Int!): The duration of the iteration, in days.
* `startDate` (Date!): The start date for the iteration.
* `title` (String!): The title for the iteration.

## ProjectV2IterationField - object

An iteration field inside a project.

**Implements:** Node, ProjectV2FieldCommon

### Fields for `ProjectV2IterationField`

* `configuration` (ProjectV2IterationFieldConfiguration!): Iteration configuration settings.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `dataType` (ProjectV2FieldType!): The field's type.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2IterationField object.
* `name` (String!): The project field's name.
* `project` (ProjectV2!): The project that contains this field.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## ProjectV2IterationFieldConfiguration - object

Iteration field configuration for a project.

### Fields for `ProjectV2IterationFieldConfiguration`

* `completedIterations` ([ProjectV2IterationFieldIteration!]!): The iteration's completed iterations.
* `duration` (Int!): The iteration's duration in days.
* `iterations` ([ProjectV2IterationFieldIteration!]!): The iteration's iterations.
* `startDay` (Int!): The iteration's start day of the week.

## ProjectV2IterationFieldConfigurationInput - input object

Represents an iteration field configuration.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2IterationFieldConfigurationInput`

* `duration` (Int!): The duration of each iteration, in days.
* `iterations` ([ProjectV2Iteration!]!): Zero or more iterations for the field.
* `startDate` (Date!): The start date for the first iteration.

## ProjectV2IterationFieldIteration - object

Iteration field iteration settings for a project.

### Fields for `ProjectV2IterationFieldIteration`

* `duration` (Int!): The iteration's duration in days.
* `id` (String!): The iteration's ID.
* `startDate` (Date!): The iteration's start date.
* `title` (String!): The iteration's title.
* `titleHTML` (String!): The iteration's html title.

## ProjectV2Order - input object

Ways in which lists of projects can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2Order`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order projects by the specified field.
* `field` (ProjectV2OrderField!): The field in which to order projects by.

## ProjectV2OrderField - enum

Properties by which projects can be ordered.

### Values for `ProjectV2OrderField`

* `CREATED_AT`: The project's date and time of creation.
* `NUMBER`: The project's number.
* `TITLE`: The project's title.
* `UPDATED_AT`: The project's date and time of update.

## ProjectV2Owner - interface

Represents an owner of a project.

### Fields for `ProjectV2Owner`

* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2Owner object.
* `projectV2` (ProjectV2): Find a project by number.
  * `number` (Int!): The project number.

* `projectsV2` (ProjectV2Connection!): A list of projects under the owner.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `minPermissionLevel` (ProjectV2PermissionLevel): Filter projects based on user role. Default: `READ`.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2Order): How to order the returned projects.
  * `query` (String): A project to search for under the owner.

### Implemented by

* Issue
* Organization
* PullRequest
* User

## ProjectV2PermissionLevel - enum

The possible roles of a collaborator on a project.

### Values for `ProjectV2PermissionLevel`

* `ADMIN`: The collaborator can view, edit, and maange the settings of the project.
* `READ`: The collaborator can view the project.
* `WRITE`: The collaborator can view and edit the project.

## ProjectV2Recent - interface

Recent projects for the owner.

### Fields for `ProjectV2Recent`

* `recentProjects` (ProjectV2Connection!): Recent projects that this user has modified in the context of the owner. _(Pagination: `after`, `before`, `first`, `last`)_

### Implemented by

* Organization
* Repository
* User

## ProjectV2Roles - enum

The possible roles of a collaborator on a project.

### Values for `ProjectV2Roles`

* `ADMIN`: The collaborator can view, edit, and maange the settings of the project.
* `NONE`: The collaborator has no direct access to the project.
* `READER`: The collaborator can view the project.
* `WRITER`: The collaborator can view and edit the project.

## ProjectV2SingleSelectField - object

A single select field inside a project.

**Implements:** Node, ProjectV2FieldCommon

### Fields for `ProjectV2SingleSelectField`

* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `dataType` (ProjectV2FieldType!): The field's type.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2SingleSelectField object.
* `name` (String!): The project field's name.
* `options` ([ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOption!]!): Options for the single select field.
  * `names` ([String!]): Filter returned options to only those matching these names, case insensitive.

* `project` (ProjectV2!): The project that contains this field.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOption - object

Single select field option for a configuration for a project.

### Fields for `ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOption`

* `color` (ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionColor!): The option's display color.
* `description` (String!): The option's plain-text description.
* `descriptionHTML` (String!): The option's description, possibly containing HTML.
* `id` (String!): The option's ID.
* `name` (String!): The option's name.
* `nameHTML` (String!): The option's html name.

## ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionColor - enum

The display color of a single-select field option.

### Values for `ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionColor`

* `BLUE`: BLUE.
* `GRAY`: GRAY.
* `GREEN`: GREEN.
* `ORANGE`: ORANGE.
* `PINK`: PINK.
* `PURPLE`: PURPLE.
* `RED`: RED.
* `YELLOW`: YELLOW.

## ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionInput - input object

Represents a single select field option.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionInput`

* `color` (ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionColor!): The display color of the option.
* `description` (String!): The description text of the option.
* `id` (String): The ID of an existing single select option. Include this to preserve the
option's identity during updates, preventing item field values from being cleared.
* `name` (String!): The name of the option.

## ProjectV2SortBy - object

Represents a sort by field and direction.

### Fields for `ProjectV2SortBy`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction of the sorting. Possible values are ASC and DESC.
* `field` (ProjectV2Field!): The field by which items are sorted.

## ProjectV2SortByConnection - object

The connection type for ProjectV2SortBy.

### Fields for `ProjectV2SortByConnection`

* `edges` ([ProjectV2SortByEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([ProjectV2SortBy]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## ProjectV2SortByEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `ProjectV2SortByEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (ProjectV2SortBy): The item at the end of the edge.

## ProjectV2SortByField - object

Represents a sort by field and direction.

### Fields for `ProjectV2SortByField`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction of the sorting. Possible values are ASC and DESC.
* `field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration!): The field by which items are sorted.

## ProjectV2SortByFieldConnection - object

The connection type for ProjectV2SortByField.

### Fields for `ProjectV2SortByFieldConnection`

* `edges` ([ProjectV2SortByFieldEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([ProjectV2SortByField]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## ProjectV2SortByFieldEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `ProjectV2SortByFieldEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (ProjectV2SortByField): The item at the end of the edge.

## ProjectV2State - enum

The possible states of a project v2.

### Values for `ProjectV2State`

* `CLOSED`: A project v2 that has been closed.
* `OPEN`: A project v2 that is still open.

## ProjectV2StatusOrder - input object

Ways in which project v2 status updates can be ordered.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2StatusOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order nodes.
* `field` (ProjectV2StatusUpdateOrderField!): The field by which to order nodes.

## ProjectV2StatusUpdate - object

A status update within a project.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `ProjectV2StatusUpdate`

* `body` (String): The body of the status update.
* `bodyHTML` (HTML): The body of the status update rendered to HTML.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `creator` (Actor): The actor who created the status update.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database. **Deprecated:** databaseId will be removed because it does not support 64-bit signed integer identifiers. Use fullDatabaseId instead. Removal on 2025-04-01 UTC.
* `fullDatabaseId` (BigInt): Identifies the primary key from the database as a BigInt.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2StatusUpdate object.
* `project` (ProjectV2!): The project that contains this status update.
* `startDate` (Date): The start date of the status update.
* `status` (ProjectV2StatusUpdateStatus): The status of the status update.
* `targetDate` (Date): The target date of the status update.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## ProjectV2StatusUpdateConnection - object

The connection type for ProjectV2StatusUpdate.

### Fields for `ProjectV2StatusUpdateConnection`

* `edges` ([ProjectV2StatusUpdateEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([ProjectV2StatusUpdate]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## ProjectV2StatusUpdateEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `ProjectV2StatusUpdateEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (ProjectV2StatusUpdate): The item at the end of the edge.

## ProjectV2StatusUpdateOrderField - enum

Properties by which project v2 status updates can be ordered.

### Values for `ProjectV2StatusUpdateOrderField`

* `CREATED_AT`: Allows chronological ordering of project v2 status updates.

## ProjectV2StatusUpdateStatus - enum

The possible statuses of a project v2.

### Values for `ProjectV2StatusUpdateStatus`

* `AT_RISK`: A project v2 that is at risk and encountering some challenges.
* `COMPLETE`: A project v2 that is complete.
* `INACTIVE`: A project v2 that is inactive.
* `OFF_TRACK`: A project v2 that is off track and needs attention.
* `ON_TRACK`: A project v2 that is on track with no risks.

## ProjectV2View - object

A view within a ProjectV2.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `ProjectV2View`

* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database. **Deprecated:** databaseId will be removed because it does not support 64-bit signed integer identifiers. Use fullDatabaseId instead. Removal on 2025-04-01 UTC.
* `fields` (ProjectV2FieldConfigurationConnection): The view's visible fields.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2FieldOrder): Ordering options for the project v2 fields returned from the connection.

* `filter` (String): The project view's filter.
* `fullDatabaseId` (BigInt): Identifies the primary key from the database as a BigInt.
* `groupBy` (ProjectV2FieldConnection): The view's group-by field. **Deprecated:** The ProjectV2View#order_by API is deprecated in favour of the more capable ProjectV2View#group_by_field API. Check out the ProjectV2View#group_by_fields API as an example for the more capable alternative. Removal on 2023-04-01 UTC.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2FieldOrder): Ordering options for the project v2 fields returned from the connection.

* `groupByFields` (ProjectV2FieldConfigurationConnection): The view's group-by field.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2FieldOrder): Ordering options for the project v2 fields returned from the connection.

* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2View object.
* `layout` (ProjectV2ViewLayout!): The project view's layout.
* `name` (String!): The project view's name.
* `number` (Int!): The project view's number.
* `project` (ProjectV2!): The project that contains this view.
* `sortBy` (ProjectV2SortByConnection): The view's sort-by config. **Deprecated:** The ProjectV2View#sort_by API is deprecated in favour of the more capable ProjectV2View#sort_by_fields API. Check out the ProjectV2View#sort_by_fields API as an example for the more capable alternative. Removal on 2023-04-01 UTC. _(Pagination: `after`, `before`, `first`, `last`)_
* `sortByFields` (ProjectV2SortByFieldConnection): The view's sort-by config. _(Pagination: `after`, `before`, `first`, `last`)_
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.
* `verticalGroupBy` (ProjectV2FieldConnection): The view's vertical-group-by field. **Deprecated:** The ProjectV2View#vertical_group_by API is deprecated in favour of the more capable ProjectV2View#vertical_group_by_fields API. Check out the ProjectV2View#vertical_group_by_fields API as an example for the more capable alternative. Removal on 2023-04-01 UTC.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2FieldOrder): Ordering options for the project v2 fields returned from the connection.

* `verticalGroupByFields` (ProjectV2FieldConfigurationConnection): The view's vertical-group-by field.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2FieldOrder): Ordering options for the project v2 fields returned from the connection.

* `visibleFields` (ProjectV2FieldConnection): The view's visible fields. **Deprecated:** The ProjectV2View#visibleFields API is deprecated in favour of the more capable ProjectV2View#fields API. Check out the ProjectV2View#fields API as an example for the more capable alternative. Removal on 2023-01-01 UTC.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (ProjectV2FieldOrder): Ordering options for the project v2 fields returned from the connection.

## ProjectV2ViewConnection - object

The connection type for ProjectV2View.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ViewConnection`

* `edges` ([ProjectV2ViewEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([ProjectV2View]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## ProjectV2ViewEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `ProjectV2ViewEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (ProjectV2View): The item at the end of the edge.

## ProjectV2ViewLayout - enum

The layout of a project v2 view.

### Values for `ProjectV2ViewLayout`

* `BOARD_LAYOUT`: Board layout.
* `ROADMAP_LAYOUT`: Roadmap layout.
* `TABLE_LAYOUT`: Table layout.

## ProjectV2ViewOrder - input object

Ordering options for project v2 view connections.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2ViewOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (ProjectV2ViewOrderField!): The field to order the project v2 views by.

## ProjectV2ViewOrderField - enum

Properties by which project v2 view connections can be ordered.

### Values for `ProjectV2ViewOrderField`

* `CREATED_AT`: Order project v2 views by creation time.
* `NAME`: Order project v2 views by name.
* `POSITION`: Order project v2 views by position.

## ProjectV2Workflow - object

A workflow inside a project.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `ProjectV2Workflow`

* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `databaseId` (Int): Identifies the primary key from the database. **Deprecated:** databaseId will be removed because it does not support 64-bit signed integer identifiers. Use fullDatabaseId instead. Removal on 2025-04-01 UTC.
* `enabled` (Boolean!): Whether the workflow is enabled.
* `fullDatabaseId` (BigInt): Identifies the primary key from the database as a BigInt.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectV2Workflow object.
* `name` (String!): The name of the workflow.
* `number` (Int!): The number of the workflow.
* `project` (ProjectV2!): The project that contains this workflow.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## ProjectV2WorkflowConnection - object

The connection type for ProjectV2Workflow.

### Fields for `ProjectV2WorkflowConnection`

* `edges` ([ProjectV2WorkflowEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([ProjectV2Workflow]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## ProjectV2WorkflowEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `ProjectV2WorkflowEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (ProjectV2Workflow): The item at the end of the edge.

## ProjectV2WorkflowOrder - input object

Ordering options for project v2 workflows connections.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2WorkflowOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (ProjectV2WorkflowsOrderField!): The field to order the project v2 workflows by.

## ProjectV2WorkflowsOrderField - enum

Properties by which project workflows can be ordered.

### Values for `ProjectV2WorkflowsOrderField`

* `CREATED_AT`: The date and time of the workflow creation.
* `NAME`: The name of the workflow.
* `NUMBER`: The number of the workflow.
* `UPDATED_AT`: The date and time of the workflow update.

## RemovedFromProjectV2Event - object

Represents aremoved_from_project_v2event on a given issue or pull request.

**Implements:** Node, ProjectV2Event

### Fields for `RemovedFromProjectV2Event`

* `actor` (Actor): Identifies the actor who performed the event.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the RemovedFromProjectV2Event object.
* `project` (ProjectV2): Project referenced by event.
* `wasAutomated` (Boolean!): Did this event result from workflow automation?.

## unarchiveProjectV2Item - mutation

Unarchives a ProjectV2Item.

### Input fields for `unarchiveProjectV2Item`

* `input` (UnarchiveProjectV2ItemInput!): 

### Return fields for `unarchiveProjectV2Item`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `item` (ProjectV2Item): The item unarchived from the project.

## UnarchiveProjectV2ItemInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UnarchiveProjectV2Item.

### Input fields for `UnarchiveProjectV2ItemInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the ProjectV2Item to unarchive.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to archive the item from.

## unlinkProjectV2FromRepository - mutation

Unlinks a project from a repository.

### Input fields for `unlinkProjectV2FromRepository`

* `input` (UnlinkProjectV2FromRepositoryInput!): 

### Return fields for `unlinkProjectV2FromRepository`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `repository` (Repository): The repository the project is no longer linked to.

## UnlinkProjectV2FromRepositoryInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UnlinkProjectV2FromRepository.

### Input fields for `UnlinkProjectV2FromRepositoryInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the project to unlink from the repository.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to unlink from the project.

## unlinkProjectV2FromTeam - mutation

Unlinks a project to a team.

### Input fields for `unlinkProjectV2FromTeam`

* `input` (UnlinkProjectV2FromTeamInput!): 

### Return fields for `unlinkProjectV2FromTeam`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `team` (Team): The team the project is unlinked from.

## UnlinkProjectV2FromTeamInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UnlinkProjectV2FromTeam.

### Input fields for `UnlinkProjectV2FromTeamInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the project to unlink from the team.
* `teamId` (ID!): The ID of the team to unlink from the project.

## unmarkProjectV2AsTemplate - mutation

Unmark a project as a template.

### Input fields for `unmarkProjectV2AsTemplate`

* `input` (UnmarkProjectV2AsTemplateInput!): 

### Return fields for `unmarkProjectV2AsTemplate`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectV2` (ProjectV2): The project.

## UnmarkProjectV2AsTemplateInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UnmarkProjectV2AsTemplate.

### Input fields for `UnmarkProjectV2AsTemplateInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to unmark as a template.

## updateProjectV2 - mutation

Updates an existing project.

### Input fields for `updateProjectV2`

* `input` (UpdateProjectV2Input!): 

### Return fields for `updateProjectV2`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectV2` (ProjectV2): The updated Project.

## updateProjectV2Collaborators - mutation

Update the collaborators on a team or a project.

### Input fields for `updateProjectV2Collaborators`

* `input` (UpdateProjectV2CollaboratorsInput!): 

### Return fields for `updateProjectV2Collaborators`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `collaborators` (ProjectV2ActorConnection): The collaborators granted a role.

## UpdateProjectV2CollaboratorsInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2Collaborators.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2CollaboratorsInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `collaborators` ([ProjectV2Collaborator!]!): The collaborators to update.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the project to update the collaborators for.

## updateProjectV2DraftIssue - mutation

Updates a draft issue within a Project.

### Input fields for `updateProjectV2DraftIssue`

* `input` (UpdateProjectV2DraftIssueInput!): 

### Return fields for `updateProjectV2DraftIssue`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `draftIssue` (DraftIssue): The draft issue updated in the project.

## UpdateProjectV2DraftIssueInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2DraftIssue.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2DraftIssueInput`

* `assigneeIds` ([ID!]): The IDs of the assignees of the draft issue.
* `body` (String): The body of the draft issue.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `draftIssueId` (ID!): The ID of the draft issue to update.
* `title` (String): The title of the draft issue.

## updateProjectV2Field - mutation

Update a project field.

### Input fields for `updateProjectV2Field`

* `input` (UpdateProjectV2FieldInput!): 

### Return fields for `updateProjectV2Field`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectV2Field` (ProjectV2FieldConfiguration): The updated field.

## UpdateProjectV2FieldInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2Field.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2FieldInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `fieldId` (ID!): The ID of the field to update.
* `iterationConfiguration` (ProjectV2IterationFieldConfigurationInput): Configuration for a field of type ITERATION. Empty input is ignored, provided
values overwrite the existing configuration, and existing configuration should
be fetched for partial updates.
* `name` (String): The name to update.
* `singleSelectOptions` ([ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionInput!]): Options for a field of type SINGLE_SELECT. Empty input is ignored, provided
values overwrite existing options, and existing options should be fetched for
partial updates.

## UpdateProjectV2Input - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2Input`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `closed` (Boolean): Set the project to closed or open.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to update.
* `public` (Boolean): Set the project to public or private.
* `readme` (String): Set the readme description of the project.
* `shortDescription` (String): Set the short description of the project.
* `title` (String): Set the title of the project.

## updateProjectV2ItemFieldValue - mutation

This mutation updates the value of a field for an item in a Project. Currently
only single-select, text, number, date, and iteration fields are supported.

### Input fields for `updateProjectV2ItemFieldValue`

* `input` (UpdateProjectV2ItemFieldValueInput!): 

### Return fields for `updateProjectV2ItemFieldValue`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectV2Item` (ProjectV2Item): The updated item.

## UpdateProjectV2ItemFieldValueInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2ItemFieldValue.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2ItemFieldValueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `fieldId` (ID!): The ID of the field to be updated.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the item to be updated.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project.
* `value` (ProjectV2FieldValue!): The value which will be set on the field.

## updateProjectV2ItemPosition - mutation

This mutation updates the position of the item in the project, where the position represents the priority of an item.

### Input fields for `updateProjectV2ItemPosition`

* `input` (UpdateProjectV2ItemPositionInput!): 

### Return fields for `updateProjectV2ItemPosition`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `items` (ProjectV2ItemConnection): The items in the new order.

## UpdateProjectV2ItemPositionInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2ItemPosition.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2ItemPositionInput`

* `afterId` (ID): The ID of the item to position this item after. If omitted or set to null the item will be moved to top.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the item to be moved.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project.

## updateProjectV2StatusUpdate - mutation

Updates a status update within a Project.

### Input fields for `updateProjectV2StatusUpdate`

* `input` (UpdateProjectV2StatusUpdateInput!): 

### Return fields for `updateProjectV2StatusUpdate`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `statusUpdate` (ProjectV2StatusUpdate): The status update updated in the project.

## UpdateProjectV2StatusUpdateInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2StatusUpdate.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2StatusUpdateInput`

* `body` (String): The body of the status update.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `startDate` (Date): The start date of the status update.
* `status` (ProjectV2StatusUpdateStatus): The status of the status update.
* `statusUpdateId` (ID!): The ID of the status update to be updated.
* `targetDate` (Date): The target date of the status update.