# Sponsors

Reference documentation for GraphQL schema types in the Sponsors category.

## BulkSponsorship - input object

Information about a sponsorship to make for a user or organization with a GitHub
Sponsors profile, as part of sponsoring many users or organizations at once.

### Input fields for `BulkSponsorship`

* `amount` (Int!): The amount to pay to the sponsorable in US dollars. Valid values: 1-12000.
* `sponsorableId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableLogin is not given.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableId is not given.

## cancelSponsorship - mutation

Cancel an active sponsorship.

### Input fields for `cancelSponsorship`

* `input` (CancelSponsorshipInput!): 

### Return fields for `cancelSponsorship`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `sponsorsTier` (SponsorsTier): The tier that was being used at the time of cancellation.

## CancelSponsorshipInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of CancelSponsorship.

### Input fields for `CancelSponsorshipInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `sponsorId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying for
the sponsorship. Required if sponsorLogin is not given.
* `sponsorLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying
for the sponsorship. Required if sponsorId is not given.
* `sponsorableId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableLogin is not given.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableId is not given.

## createSponsorship - mutation

Start a new sponsorship of a maintainer in GitHub Sponsors, or reactivate a past sponsorship.

### Input fields for `createSponsorship`

* `input` (CreateSponsorshipInput!): 

### Return fields for `createSponsorship`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `sponsorship` (Sponsorship): The sponsorship that was started.

## CreateSponsorshipInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of CreateSponsorship.

### Input fields for `CreateSponsorshipInput`

* `amount` (Int): The amount to pay to the sponsorable in US dollars. Required if a tierId is not specified. Valid values: 1-12000.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `isRecurring` (Boolean): Whether the sponsorship should happen monthly/yearly or just this one time. Required if a tierId is not specified.
* `privacyLevel` (SponsorshipPrivacy): Specify whether others should be able to see that the sponsor is sponsoring
the sponsorable. Public visibility still does not reveal which tier is used.
* `receiveEmails` (Boolean): Whether the sponsor should receive email updates from the sponsorable.
* `sponsorId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying for
the sponsorship. Required if sponsorLogin is not given.
* `sponsorLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying
for the sponsorship. Required if sponsorId is not given.
* `sponsorableId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableLogin is not given.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableId is not given.
* `tierId` (ID): The ID of one of sponsorable's existing tiers to sponsor at. Required if amount is not specified.

## createSponsorships - mutation

Make many sponsorships for different sponsorable users or organizations at
once. Can only sponsor those who have a public GitHub Sponsors profile.

### Input fields for `createSponsorships`

* `input` (CreateSponsorshipsInput!): 

### Return fields for `createSponsorships`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `sponsorables` ([Sponsorable!]): The users and organizations who received a sponsorship.

## CreateSponsorshipsInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of CreateSponsorships.

### Input fields for `CreateSponsorshipsInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `privacyLevel` (SponsorshipPrivacy): Specify whether others should be able to see that the sponsor is sponsoring
the sponsorables. Public visibility still does not reveal the dollar value of
the sponsorship.
* `receiveEmails` (Boolean): Whether the sponsor should receive email updates from the sponsorables.
* `recurring` (Boolean): Whether the sponsorships created should continue each billing cycle for the
sponsor (monthly or annually), versus lasting only a single month. Defaults to
one-time sponsorships.
* `sponsorLogin` (String!): The username of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying for the sponsorships.
* `sponsorships` ([BulkSponsorship!]!): The list of maintainers to sponsor and for how much apiece.

## createSponsorsListing - mutation

Create a GitHub Sponsors profile to allow others to sponsor you or your organization.

### Input fields for `createSponsorsListing`

* `input` (CreateSponsorsListingInput!): 

### Return fields for `createSponsorsListing`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `sponsorsListing` (SponsorsListing): The new GitHub Sponsors profile.

## CreateSponsorsListingInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of CreateSponsorsListing.

### Input fields for `CreateSponsorsListingInput`

* `billingCountryOrRegionCode` (SponsorsCountryOrRegionCode): The country or region where the sponsorable's bank account is located.
Required if fiscalHostLogin is not specified, ignored when fiscalHostLogin is specified.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `contactEmail` (String): The email address we should use to contact you about the GitHub Sponsors
profile being created. This will not be shared publicly. Must be a verified
email address already on your GitHub account. Only relevant when the
sponsorable is yourself. Defaults to your primary email address on file if omitted.
* `fiscalHostLogin` (String): The username of the supported fiscal host's GitHub organization, if you want
to receive sponsorship payouts through a fiscal host rather than directly to a
bank account. For example,Open-Source-Collectivefor Open Source Collective
or 'numfocus' for numFOCUS. Case insensitive. See https://docs.github.com/sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors/using-a-fiscal-host-to-receive-github-sponsors-payouts
for more information.
* `fiscallyHostedProjectProfileUrl` (String): The URL for your profile page on the fiscal host's website, e.g.,
https://opencollective.com/babel or https://numfocus.org/project/bokeh.
Required if fiscalHostLogin is specified.
* `fullDescription` (String): Provide an introduction to serve as the main focus that appears on your GitHub
Sponsors profile. It's a great opportunity to help potential sponsors learn
more about you, your work, and why their sponsorship is important to you.
GitHub-flavored Markdown is supported.
* `residenceCountryOrRegionCode` (SponsorsCountryOrRegionCode): The country or region where the sponsorable resides. This is for tax purposes.
Required if the sponsorable is yourself, ignored when sponsorableLogin
specifies an organization.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the organization to create a GitHub Sponsors profile for, if
desired. Defaults to creating a GitHub Sponsors profile for the authenticated
user if omitted.

## createSponsorsTier - mutation

Create a new payment tier for your GitHub Sponsors profile.

### Input fields for `createSponsorsTier`

* `input` (CreateSponsorsTierInput!): 

### Return fields for `createSponsorsTier`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `sponsorsTier` (SponsorsTier): The new tier.

## CreateSponsorsTierInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of CreateSponsorsTier.

### Input fields for `CreateSponsorsTierInput`

* `amount` (Int!): The value of the new tier in US dollars. Valid values: 1-12000.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `description` (String!): A description of what this tier is, what perks sponsors might receive, what a sponsorship at this tier means for you, etc.
* `isRecurring` (Boolean): Whether sponsorships using this tier should happen monthly/yearly or just once.
* `publish` (Boolean): Whether to make the tier available immediately for sponsors to choose.
Defaults to creating a draft tier that will not be publicly visible.
* `repositoryId` (ID): Optional ID of the private repository that sponsors at this tier should gain
read-only access to. Must be owned by an organization.
* `repositoryName` (String): Optional name of the private repository that sponsors at this tier should gain
read-only access to. Must be owned by an organization. Necessary if
repositoryOwnerLogin is given. Will be ignored if repositoryId is given.
* `repositoryOwnerLogin` (String): Optional login of the organization owner of the private repository that
sponsors at this tier should gain read-only access to. Necessary if
repositoryName is given. Will be ignored if repositoryId is given.
* `sponsorableId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who owns the GitHub Sponsors profile.
Defaults to the current user if omitted and sponsorableLogin is not given.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who owns the GitHub Sponsors profile.
Defaults to the current user if omitted and sponsorableId is not given.
* `welcomeMessage` (String): Optional message new sponsors at this tier will receive.

## publishSponsorsTier - mutation

Publish an existing sponsorship tier that is currently still a draft to a GitHub Sponsors profile.

### Input fields for `publishSponsorsTier`

* `input` (PublishSponsorsTierInput!): 

### Return fields for `publishSponsorsTier`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `sponsorsTier` (SponsorsTier): The tier that was published.

## PublishSponsorsTierInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of PublishSponsorsTier.

### Input fields for `PublishSponsorsTierInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `tierId` (ID!): The ID of the draft tier to publish.

## retireSponsorsTier - mutation

Retire a published payment tier from your GitHub Sponsors profile so it cannot be used to start new sponsorships.

### Input fields for `retireSponsorsTier`

* `input` (RetireSponsorsTierInput!): 

### Return fields for `retireSponsorsTier`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `sponsorsTier` (SponsorsTier): The tier that was retired.

## RetireSponsorsTierInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of RetireSponsorsTier.

### Input fields for `RetireSponsorsTierInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `tierId` (ID!): The ID of the published tier to retire.

## Sponsor - union

Entities that can sponsor others via GitHub Sponsors.

### Possible types for `Sponsor`

* Organization
* User

## Sponsorable - interface

Entities that can sponsor or be sponsored through GitHub Sponsors.

### Fields for `Sponsorable`

* `estimatedNextSponsorsPayoutInCents` (Int!): The estimated next GitHub Sponsors payout for this user/organization in cents (USD).
* `hasSponsorsListing` (Boolean!): True if this user/organization has a GitHub Sponsors listing.
* `isSponsoredBy` (Boolean!): Whether the given account is sponsoring this user/organization.
  * `accountLogin` (String!): The target account's login.

* `isSponsoringViewer` (Boolean!): True if the viewer is sponsored by this user/organization.
* `lifetimeReceivedSponsorshipValues` (SponsorAndLifetimeValueConnection!): Calculate how much each sponsor has ever paid total to this maintainer via
GitHub Sponsors. Does not include sponsorships paid via Patreon.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (SponsorAndLifetimeValueOrder): Ordering options for results returned from the connection.

* `monthlyEstimatedSponsorsIncomeInCents` (Int!): The estimated monthly GitHub Sponsors income for this user/organization in cents (USD).
* `sponsoring` (SponsorConnection!): List of users and organizations this entity is sponsoring.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (SponsorOrder): Ordering options for the users and organizations returned from the connection.

* `sponsors` (SponsorConnection!): List of sponsors for this user or organization.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (SponsorOrder): Ordering options for sponsors returned from the connection.
  * `tierId` (ID): If given, will filter for sponsors at the given tier. Will only return
sponsors whose tier the viewer is permitted to see.

* `sponsorsActivities` (SponsorsActivityConnection!): Events involving this sponsorable, such as new sponsorships.
  * `actions` ([SponsorsActivityAction!]): Filter activities to only the specified actions.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `includeAsSponsor` (Boolean): Whether to include those events where this sponsorable acted as the sponsor.
Defaults to only including events where this sponsorable was the recipient
of a sponsorship.
  * `includePrivate` (Boolean): Whether or not to include private activities in the result set. Defaults to including public and private activities. Default: `true`.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (SponsorsActivityOrder): Ordering options for activity returned from the connection.
  * `period` (SponsorsActivityPeriod): Filter activities returned to only those that occurred in the most recent
specified time period. Set to ALL to avoid filtering by when the activity
occurred. Will be ignored if since or until is given. Default: `MONTH`.
  * `since` (DateTime): Filter activities to those that occurred on or after this time.
  * `until` (DateTime): Filter activities to those that occurred before this time.

* `sponsorsListing` (SponsorsListing): The GitHub Sponsors listing for this user or organization.
* `sponsorshipForViewerAsSponsor` (Sponsorship): The sponsorship from the viewer to this user/organization; that is, the sponsorship where you're the sponsor.
  * `activeOnly` (Boolean): Whether to return the sponsorship only if it's still active. Pass false to
get the viewer's sponsorship back even if it has been cancelled. Default: `true`.

* `sponsorshipForViewerAsSponsorable` (Sponsorship): The sponsorship from this user/organization to the viewer; that is, the sponsorship you're receiving.
  * `activeOnly` (Boolean): Whether to return the sponsorship only if it's still active. Pass false to
get the sponsorship back even if it has been cancelled. Default: `true`.

* `sponsorshipNewsletters` (SponsorshipNewsletterConnection!): List of sponsorship updates sent from this sponsorable to sponsors.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (SponsorshipNewsletterOrder): Ordering options for sponsorship updates returned from the connection.

* `sponsorshipsAsMaintainer` (SponsorshipConnection!): The sponsorships where this user or organization is the maintainer receiving the funds.
  * `activeOnly` (Boolean): Whether to include only sponsorships that are active right now, versus all
sponsorships this maintainer has ever received. Default: `true`.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `includePrivate` (Boolean): Whether or not to include private sponsorships in the result set.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (SponsorshipOrder): Ordering options for sponsorships returned from this connection. If left
blank, the sponsorships will be ordered based on relevancy to the viewer.

* `sponsorshipsAsSponsor` (SponsorshipConnection!): The sponsorships where this user or organization is the funder.
  * `activeOnly` (Boolean): Whether to include only sponsorships that are active right now, versus all sponsorships this sponsor has ever made. Default: `true`.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `maintainerLogins` ([String!]): Filter sponsorships returned to those for the specified maintainers. That
is, the recipient of the sponsorship is a user or organization with one of
the given logins.
  * `orderBy` (SponsorshipOrder): Ordering options for sponsorships returned from this connection. If left
blank, the sponsorships will be ordered based on relevancy to the viewer.

* `totalSponsorshipAmountAsSponsorInCents` (Int): The amount in United States cents (e.g., 500 = $5.00 USD) that this entity has
spent on GitHub to fund sponsorships. Only returns a value when viewed by the
user themselves or by a user who can manage sponsorships for the requested organization.
  * `since` (DateTime): Filter payments to those that occurred on or after this time.
  * `sponsorableLogins` ([String!]): Filter payments to those made to the users or organizations with the specified usernames.
  * `until` (DateTime): Filter payments to those that occurred before this time.

* `viewerCanSponsor` (Boolean!): Whether or not the viewer is able to sponsor this user/organization.
* `viewerIsSponsoring` (Boolean!): True if the viewer is sponsoring this user/organization.

### Implemented by

* Organization
* User

## SponsorableItem - union

Entities that can be sponsored via GitHub Sponsors.

### Possible types for `SponsorableItem`

* Organization
* User

## SponsorableItemConnection - object

The connection type for SponsorableItem.

### Fields for `SponsorableItemConnection`

* `edges` ([SponsorableItemEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([SponsorableItem]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## SponsorableItemEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `SponsorableItemEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (SponsorableItem): The item at the end of the edge.

## SponsorableOrder - input object

Ordering options for connections to get sponsorable entities for GitHub Sponsors.

### Input fields for `SponsorableOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorableOrderField!): The field to order sponsorable entities by.

## SponsorableOrderField - enum

Properties by which sponsorable connections can be ordered.

### Values for `SponsorableOrderField`

* `LOGIN`: Order sponsorable entities by login (username).

## sponsorables - query

Users and organizations who can be sponsored via GitHub Sponsors.

**Type:** SponsorableItemConnection!

### Arguments for `sponsorables`

* `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
* `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
* `dependencyEcosystem` (SecurityAdvisoryEcosystem): Optional filter for which dependencies should be checked for sponsorable
owners. Only sponsorable owners of dependencies in this ecosystem will be
included. Used when onlyDependencies = true.
Upcoming Change on 2022-07-01 UTC
Description: dependencyEcosystem will be removed. Use the ecosystem argument instead.
Reason: The type is switching from SecurityAdvisoryEcosystem to DependencyGraphEcosystem.
* `ecosystem` (DependencyGraphEcosystem): Optional filter for which dependencies should be checked for sponsorable
owners. Only sponsorable owners of dependencies in this ecosystem will be
included. Used when onlyDependencies = true.
* `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
* `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
* `onlyDependencies` (Boolean): Whether only sponsorables who own the viewer's dependencies will be
returned. Must be authenticated to use. Can check an organization instead
for their dependencies owned by sponsorables by passing
orgLoginForDependencies.
* `orderBy` (SponsorableOrder): Ordering options for users and organizations returned from the connection.
* `orgLoginForDependencies` (String): Optional organization username for whose dependencies should be checked.
Used when onlyDependencies = true. Omit to check your own dependencies. If
you are not an administrator of the organization, only dependencies from its
public repositories will be considered.

## SponsorAndLifetimeValue - object

A GitHub account and the total amount in USD they've paid for sponsorships to a
particular maintainer. Does not include payments made via Patreon.

### Fields for `SponsorAndLifetimeValue`

* `amountInCents` (Int!): The amount in cents.
* `formattedAmount` (String!): The amount in USD, formatted as a string.
* `sponsor` (Sponsorable!): The sponsor's GitHub account.
* `sponsorable` (Sponsorable!): The maintainer's GitHub account.

## SponsorAndLifetimeValueConnection - object

The connection type for SponsorAndLifetimeValue.

### Fields for `SponsorAndLifetimeValueConnection`

* `edges` ([SponsorAndLifetimeValueEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([SponsorAndLifetimeValue]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## SponsorAndLifetimeValueEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `SponsorAndLifetimeValueEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (SponsorAndLifetimeValue): The item at the end of the edge.

## SponsorAndLifetimeValueOrder - input object

Ordering options for connections to get sponsor entities and associated USD amounts for GitHub Sponsors.

### Input fields for `SponsorAndLifetimeValueOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorAndLifetimeValueOrderField!): The field to order results by.

## SponsorAndLifetimeValueOrderField - enum

Properties by which sponsor and lifetime value connections can be ordered.

### Values for `SponsorAndLifetimeValueOrderField`

* `LIFETIME_VALUE`: Order results by how much money the sponsor has paid in total.
* `SPONSOR_LOGIN`: Order results by the sponsor's login (username).
* `SPONSOR_RELEVANCE`: Order results by the sponsor's relevance to the viewer.

## SponsorConnection - object

A list of users and organizations sponsoring someone via GitHub Sponsors.

### Fields for `SponsorConnection`

* `edges` ([SponsorEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([Sponsor]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## SponsorEdge - object

Represents a user or organization who is sponsoring someone in GitHub Sponsors.

### Fields for `SponsorEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (Sponsor): The item at the end of the edge.

## SponsorOrder - input object

Ordering options for connections to get sponsor entities for GitHub Sponsors.

### Input fields for `SponsorOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorOrderField!): The field to order sponsor entities by.

## SponsorOrderField - enum

Properties by which sponsor connections can be ordered.

### Values for `SponsorOrderField`

* `LOGIN`: Order sponsorable entities by login (username).
* `RELEVANCE`: Order sponsors by their relevance to the viewer.

## SponsorsActivity - object

An event related to sponsorship activity.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `SponsorsActivity`

* `action` (SponsorsActivityAction!): What action this activity indicates took place.
* `currentPrivacyLevel` (SponsorshipPrivacy): The sponsor's current privacy level.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the SponsorsActivity object.
* `paymentSource` (SponsorshipPaymentSource): The platform that was used to pay for the sponsorship.
* `previousSponsorsTier` (SponsorsTier): The tier that the sponsorship used to use, for tier change events.
* `sponsor` (Sponsor): The user or organization who triggered this activity and was/is sponsoring the sponsorable.
* `sponsorable` (Sponsorable!): The user or organization that is being sponsored, the maintainer.
* `sponsorsTier` (SponsorsTier): The associated sponsorship tier.
* `timestamp` (DateTime): The timestamp of this event.
* `viaBulkSponsorship` (Boolean!): Was this sponsorship made alongside other sponsorships at the same time from the same sponsor?.

## SponsorsActivityAction - enum

The possible actions that GitHub Sponsors activities can represent.

### Values for `SponsorsActivityAction`

* `CANCELLED_SPONSORSHIP`: The activity was cancelling a sponsorship.
* `NEW_SPONSORSHIP`: The activity was starting a sponsorship.
* `PENDING_CHANGE`: The activity was scheduling a downgrade or cancellation.
* `REFUND`: The activity was funds being refunded to the sponsor or GitHub.
* `SPONSOR_MATCH_DISABLED`: The activity was disabling matching for a previously matched sponsorship.
* `TIER_CHANGE`: The activity was changing the sponsorship tier, either directly by the sponsor or by a scheduled/pending change.

## SponsorsActivityConnection - object

The connection type for SponsorsActivity.

### Fields for `SponsorsActivityConnection`

* `edges` ([SponsorsActivityEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([SponsorsActivity]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## SponsorsActivityEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `SponsorsActivityEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (SponsorsActivity): The item at the end of the edge.

## SponsorsActivityOrder - input object

Ordering options for GitHub Sponsors activity connections.

### Input fields for `SponsorsActivityOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorsActivityOrderField!): The field to order activity by.

## SponsorsActivityOrderField - enum

Properties by which GitHub Sponsors activity connections can be ordered.

### Values for `SponsorsActivityOrderField`

* `TIMESTAMP`: Order activities by when they happened.

## SponsorsActivityPeriod - enum

The possible time periods for which Sponsors activities can be requested.

### Values for `SponsorsActivityPeriod`

* `ALL`: Don't restrict the activity to any date range, include all activity.
* `DAY`: The previous calendar day.
* `MONTH`: The previous thirty days.
* `WEEK`: The previous seven days.

## SponsorsCountryOrRegionCode - enum

Represents countries or regions for billing and residence for a GitHub Sponsors profile.

### Values for `SponsorsCountryOrRegionCode`

* `AD`: Andorra.
* `AE`: United Arab Emirates.
* `AF`: Afghanistan.
* `AG`: Antigua and Barbuda.
* `AI`: Anguilla.
* `AL`: Albania.
* `AM`: Armenia.
* `AO`: Angola.
* `AQ`: Antarctica.
* `AR`: Argentina.
* `AS`: American Samoa.
* `AT`: Austria.
* `AU`: Australia.
* `AW`: Aruba.
* `AX`: Åland.
* `AZ`: Azerbaijan.
* `BA`: Bosnia and Herzegovina.
* `BB`: Barbados.
* `BD`: Bangladesh.
* `BE`: Belgium.
* `BF`: Burkina Faso.
* `BG`: Bulgaria.
* `BH`: Bahrain.
* `BI`: Burundi.
* `BJ`: Benin.
* `BL`: Saint Barthélemy.
* `BM`: Bermuda.
* `BN`: Brunei Darussalam.
* `BO`: Bolivia.
* `BQ`: Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba.
* `BR`: Brazil.
* `BS`: Bahamas.
* `BT`: Bhutan.
* `BV`: Bouvet Island.
* `BW`: Botswana.
* `BY`: Belarus.
* `BZ`: Belize.
* `CA`: Canada.
* `CC`: Cocos (Keeling) Islands.
* `CD`: Congo (Kinshasa).
* `CF`: Central African Republic.
* `CG`: Congo (Brazzaville).
* `CH`: Switzerland.
* `CI`: Côte d'Ivoire.
* `CK`: Cook Islands.
* `CL`: Chile.
* `CM`: Cameroon.
* `CN`: China.
* `CO`: Colombia.
* `CR`: Costa Rica.
* `CV`: Cape Verde.
* `CW`: Curaçao.
* `CX`: Christmas Island.
* `CY`: Cyprus.
* `CZ`: Czech Republic.
* `DE`: Germany.
* `DJ`: Djibouti.
* `DK`: Denmark.
* `DM`: Dominica.
* `DO`: Dominican Republic.
* `DZ`: Algeria.
* `EC`: Ecuador.
* `EE`: Estonia.
* `EG`: Egypt.
* `EH`: Western Sahara.
* `ER`: Eritrea.
* `ES`: Spain.
* `ET`: Ethiopia.
* `FI`: Finland.
* `FJ`: Fiji.
* `FK`: Falkland Islands.
* `FM`: Micronesia.
* `FO`: Faroe Islands.
* `FR`: France.
* `GA`: Gabon.
* `GB`: United Kingdom.
* `GD`: Grenada.
* `GE`: Georgia.
* `GF`: French Guiana.
* `GG`: Guernsey.
* `GH`: Ghana.
* `GI`: Gibraltar.
* `GL`: Greenland.
* `GM`: Gambia.
* `GN`: Guinea.
* `GP`: Guadeloupe.
* `GQ`: Equatorial Guinea.
* `GR`: Greece.
* `GS`: South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands.
* `GT`: Guatemala.
* `GU`: Guam.
* `GW`: Guinea-Bissau.
* `GY`: Guyana.
* `HK`: Hong Kong.
* `HM`: Heard and McDonald Islands.
* `HN`: Honduras.
* `HR`: Croatia.
* `HT`: Haiti.
* `HU`: Hungary.
* `ID`: Indonesia.
* `IE`: Ireland.
* `IL`: Israel.
* `IM`: Isle of Man.
* `IN`: India.
* `IO`: British Indian Ocean Territory.
* `IQ`: Iraq.
* `IR`: Iran.
* `IS`: Iceland.
* `IT`: Italy.
* `JE`: Jersey.
* `JM`: Jamaica.
* `JO`: Jordan.
* `JP`: Japan.
* `KE`: Kenya.
* `KG`: Kyrgyzstan.
* `KH`: Cambodia.
* `KI`: Kiribati.
* `KM`: Comoros.
* `KN`: Saint Kitts and Nevis.
* `KR`: Korea, South.
* `KW`: Kuwait.
* `KY`: Cayman Islands.
* `KZ`: Kazakhstan.
* `LA`: Laos.
* `LB`: Lebanon.
* `LC`: Saint Lucia.
* `LI`: Liechtenstein.
* `LK`: Sri Lanka.
* `LR`: Liberia.
* `LS`: Lesotho.
* `LT`: Lithuania.
* `LU`: Luxembourg.
* `LV`: Latvia.
* `LY`: Libya.
* `MA`: Morocco.
* `MC`: Monaco.
* `MD`: Moldova.
* `ME`: Montenegro.
* `MF`: Saint Martin (French part).
* `MG`: Madagascar.
* `MH`: Marshall Islands.
* `MK`: Macedonia.
* `ML`: Mali.
* `MM`: Myanmar.
* `MN`: Mongolia.
* `MO`: Macau.
* `MP`: Northern Mariana Islands.
* `MQ`: Martinique.
* `MR`: Mauritania.
* `MS`: Montserrat.
* `MT`: Malta.
* `MU`: Mauritius.
* `MV`: Maldives.
* `MW`: Malawi.
* `MX`: Mexico.
* `MY`: Malaysia.
* `MZ`: Mozambique.
* `NA`: Namibia.
* `NC`: New Caledonia.
* `NE`: Niger.
* `NF`: Norfolk Island.
* `NG`: Nigeria.
* `NI`: Nicaragua.
* `NL`: Netherlands.
* `NO`: Norway.
* `NP`: Nepal.
* `NR`: Nauru.
* `NU`: Niue.
* `NZ`: New Zealand.
* `OM`: Oman.
* `PA`: Panama.
* `PE`: Peru.
* `PF`: French Polynesia.
* `PG`: Papua New Guinea.
* `PH`: Philippines.
* `PK`: Pakistan.
* `PL`: Poland.
* `PM`: Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
* `PN`: Pitcairn.
* `PR`: Puerto Rico.
* `PS`: Palestine.
* `PT`: Portugal.
* `PW`: Palau.
* `PY`: Paraguay.
* `QA`: Qatar.
* `RE`: Reunion.
* `RO`: Romania.
* `RS`: Serbia.
* `RU`: Russian Federation.
* `RW`: Rwanda.
* `SA`: Saudi Arabia.
* `SB`: Solomon Islands.
* `SC`: Seychelles.
* `SD`: Sudan.
* `SE`: Sweden.
* `SG`: Singapore.
* `SH`: Saint Helena.
* `SI`: Slovenia.
* `SJ`: Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands.
* `SK`: Slovakia.
* `SL`: Sierra Leone.
* `SM`: San Marino.
* `SN`: Senegal.
* `SO`: Somalia.
* `SR`: Suriname.
* `SS`: South Sudan.
* `ST`: Sao Tome and Principe.
* `SV`: El Salvador.
* `SX`: Sint Maarten (Dutch part).
* `SY`: Syria.
* `SZ`: Swaziland.
* `TC`: Turks and Caicos Islands.
* `TD`: Chad.
* `TF`: French Southern Lands.
* `TG`: Togo.
* `TH`: Thailand.
* `TJ`: Tajikistan.
* `TK`: Tokelau.
* `TL`: Timor-Leste.
* `TM`: Turkmenistan.
* `TN`: Tunisia.
* `TO`: Tonga.
* `TR`: Türkiye.
* `TT`: Trinidad and Tobago.
* `TV`: Tuvalu.
* `TW`: Taiwan.
* `TZ`: Tanzania.
* `UA`: Ukraine.
* `UG`: Uganda.
* `UM`: United States Minor Outlying Islands.
* `US`: United States of America.
* `UY`: Uruguay.
* `UZ`: Uzbekistan.
* `VA`: Vatican City.
* `VC`: Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
* `VE`: Venezuela.
* `VG`: Virgin Islands, British.
* `VI`: Virgin Islands, U.S.
* `VN`: Vietnam.
* `VU`: Vanuatu.
* `WF`: Wallis and Futuna Islands.
* `WS`: Samoa.
* `YE`: Yemen.
* `YT`: Mayotte.
* `ZA`: South Africa.
* `ZM`: Zambia.
* `ZW`: Zimbabwe.

## SponsorsGoal - object

A goal associated with a GitHub Sponsors listing, representing a target the sponsored maintainer would like to attain.

### Fields for `SponsorsGoal`

* `description` (String): A description of the goal from the maintainer.
* `kind` (SponsorsGoalKind!): What the objective of this goal is.
* `percentComplete` (Int!): The percentage representing how complete this goal is, between 0-100.
* `targetValue` (Int!): What the goal amount is. Represents an amount in USD for monthly sponsorship
amount goals. Represents a count of unique sponsors for total sponsors count goals.
* `title` (String!): A brief summary of the kind and target value of this goal.

## SponsorsGoalKind - enum

The different kinds of goals a GitHub Sponsors member can have.

### Values for `SponsorsGoalKind`

* `MONTHLY_SPONSORSHIP_AMOUNT`: The goal is about getting a certain amount in USD from sponsorships each month.
* `TOTAL_SPONSORS_COUNT`: The goal is about reaching a certain number of sponsors.

## Sponsorship - object

A sponsorship relationship between a sponsor and a maintainer.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `Sponsorship`

* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the Sponsorship object.
* `isActive` (Boolean!): Whether the sponsorship is active. False implies the sponsor is a past sponsor
of the maintainer, while true implies they are a current sponsor.
* `isOneTimePayment` (Boolean!): Whether this sponsorship represents a one-time payment versus a recurring sponsorship.
* `isSponsorOptedIntoEmail` (Boolean): Whether the sponsor has chosen to receive sponsorship update emails sent from
the sponsorable. Only returns a non-null value when the viewer has permission to know this.
* `maintainer` (User!): The entity that is being sponsored. **Deprecated:** Sponsorship.maintainer will be removed. Use Sponsorship.sponsorable instead. Removal on 2020-04-01 UTC.
* `paymentSource` (SponsorshipPaymentSource): The platform that was most recently used to pay for the sponsorship.
* `privacyLevel` (SponsorshipPrivacy!): The privacy level for this sponsorship.
* `sponsor` (User): The user that is sponsoring. Returns null if the sponsorship is private or if sponsor is not a user. **Deprecated:** Sponsorship.sponsor will be removed. Use Sponsorship.sponsorEntity instead. Removal on 2020-10-01 UTC.
* `sponsorEntity` (Sponsor): The user or organization that is sponsoring, if you have permission to view them.
* `sponsorable` (Sponsorable!): The entity that is being sponsored.
* `tier` (SponsorsTier): The associated sponsorship tier.
* `tierSelectedAt` (DateTime): Identifies the date and time when the current tier was chosen for this sponsorship.

## SponsorshipConnection - object

A list of sponsorships either from the subject or received by the subject.

### Fields for `SponsorshipConnection`

* `edges` ([SponsorshipEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([Sponsorship]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.
* `totalRecurringMonthlyPriceInCents` (Int!): The total amount in cents of all recurring sponsorships in the connection
whose amount you can view. Does not include one-time sponsorships.
* `totalRecurringMonthlyPriceInDollars` (Int!): The total amount in USD of all recurring sponsorships in the connection whose
amount you can view. Does not include one-time sponsorships.

## SponsorshipEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `SponsorshipEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (Sponsorship): The item at the end of the edge.

## SponsorshipNewsletter - object

An update sent to sponsors of a user or organization on GitHub Sponsors.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `SponsorshipNewsletter`

* `author` (User): The author of the newsletter.
* `body` (String!): The contents of the newsletter, the message the sponsorable wanted to give.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the SponsorshipNewsletter object.
* `isPublished` (Boolean!): Indicates if the newsletter has been made available to sponsors.
* `sponsorable` (Sponsorable!): The user or organization this newsletter is from.
* `subject` (String!): The subject of the newsletter, what it's about.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## SponsorshipNewsletterConnection - object

The connection type for SponsorshipNewsletter.

### Fields for `SponsorshipNewsletterConnection`

* `edges` ([SponsorshipNewsletterEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([SponsorshipNewsletter]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## SponsorshipNewsletterEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `SponsorshipNewsletterEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (SponsorshipNewsletter): The item at the end of the edge.

## SponsorshipNewsletterOrder - input object

Ordering options for sponsorship newsletter connections.

### Input fields for `SponsorshipNewsletterOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorshipNewsletterOrderField!): The field to order sponsorship newsletters by.

## SponsorshipNewsletterOrderField - enum

Properties by which sponsorship update connections can be ordered.

### Values for `SponsorshipNewsletterOrderField`

* `CREATED_AT`: Order sponsorship newsletters by when they were created.

## SponsorshipOrder - input object

Ordering options for sponsorship connections.

### Input fields for `SponsorshipOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorshipOrderField!): The field to order sponsorship by.

## SponsorshipOrderField - enum

Properties by which sponsorship connections can be ordered.

### Values for `SponsorshipOrderField`

* `CREATED_AT`: Order sponsorship by creation time.

## SponsorshipPaymentSource - enum

How payment was made for funding a GitHub Sponsors sponsorship.

### Values for `SponsorshipPaymentSource`

* `GITHUB`: Payment was made through GitHub.
* `PATREON`: Payment was made through Patreon.

## SponsorshipPrivacy - enum

The privacy of a sponsorship.

### Values for `SponsorshipPrivacy`

* `PRIVATE`: Private.
* `PUBLIC`: Public.

## SponsorsListing - object

A GitHub Sponsors listing.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `SponsorsListing`

* `activeGoal` (SponsorsGoal): The current goal the maintainer is trying to reach with GitHub Sponsors, if any.
* `activeStripeConnectAccount` (StripeConnectAccount): The Stripe Connect account currently in use for payouts for this Sponsors
listing, if any. Will only return a value when queried by the maintainer
themselves, or by an admin of the sponsorable organization.
* `billingCountryOrRegion` (String): The name of the country or region with the maintainer's bank account or fiscal
host. Will only return a value when queried by the maintainer themselves, or
by an admin of the sponsorable organization.
* `contactEmailAddress` (String): The email address used by GitHub to contact the sponsorable about their GitHub
Sponsors profile. Will only return a value when queried by the maintainer
themselves, or by an admin of the sponsorable organization.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `dashboardResourcePath` (URI!): The HTTP path for the Sponsors dashboard for this Sponsors listing.
* `dashboardUrl` (URI!): The HTTP URL for the Sponsors dashboard for this Sponsors listing.
* `featuredItems` ([SponsorsListingFeaturedItem!]!): The records featured on the GitHub Sponsors profile.
  * `featureableTypes` ([SponsorsListingFeaturedItemFeatureableType!]): The types of featured items to return.

* `fiscalHost` (Organization): The fiscal host used for payments, if any. Will only return a value when
queried by the maintainer themselves, or by an admin of the sponsorable organization.
* `fullDescription` (String!): The full description of the listing.
* `fullDescriptionHTML` (HTML!): The full description of the listing rendered to HTML.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the SponsorsListing object.
* `isPublic` (Boolean!): Whether this listing is publicly visible.
* `name` (String!): The listing's full name.
* `nextPayoutDate` (Date): A future date on which this listing is eligible to receive a payout.
* `residenceCountryOrRegion` (String): The name of the country or region where the maintainer resides. Will only
return a value when queried by the maintainer themselves, or by an admin of
the sponsorable organization.
* `resourcePath` (URI!): The HTTP path for this Sponsors listing.
* `shortDescription` (String!): The short description of the listing.
* `slug` (String!): The short name of the listing.
* `sponsorable` (Sponsorable!): The entity this listing represents who can be sponsored on GitHub Sponsors.
* `tiers` (SponsorsTierConnection): The tiers for this GitHub Sponsors profile.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `includeUnpublished` (Boolean): Whether to include tiers that aren't published. Only admins of the Sponsors
listing can see draft tiers. Only admins of the Sponsors listing and viewers
who are currently sponsoring on a retired tier can see those retired tiers.
Defaults to including only published tiers, which are visible to anyone who
can see the GitHub Sponsors profile.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (SponsorsTierOrder): Ordering options for Sponsors tiers returned from the connection.

* `url` (URI!): The HTTP URL for this Sponsors listing.

## SponsorsListingFeatureableItem - union

A record that can be featured on a GitHub Sponsors profile.

### Possible types for `SponsorsListingFeatureableItem`

* Repository
* User

## SponsorsListingFeaturedItem - object

A record that is promoted on a GitHub Sponsors profile.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `SponsorsListingFeaturedItem`

* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `description` (String): Will either be a description from the sponsorable maintainer about why they
featured this item, or the item's description itself, such as a user's bio
from their GitHub profile page.
* `featureable` (SponsorsListingFeatureableItem!): The record that is featured on the GitHub Sponsors profile.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the SponsorsListingFeaturedItem object.
* `position` (Int!): The position of this featured item on the GitHub Sponsors profile with a lower
position indicating higher precedence. Starts at 1.
* `sponsorsListing` (SponsorsListing!): The GitHub Sponsors profile that features this record.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## SponsorsListingFeaturedItemFeatureableType - enum

The different kinds of records that can be featured on a GitHub Sponsors profile page.

### Values for `SponsorsListingFeaturedItemFeatureableType`

* `REPOSITORY`: A repository owned by the user or organization with the GitHub Sponsors profile.
* `USER`: A user who belongs to the organization with the GitHub Sponsors profile.

## SponsorsTier - object

A GitHub Sponsors tier associated with a GitHub Sponsors listing.

**Implements:** Node

### Fields for `SponsorsTier`

* `adminInfo` (SponsorsTierAdminInfo): SponsorsTier information only visible to users that can administer the associated Sponsors listing.
* `closestLesserValueTier` (SponsorsTier): Get a different tier for this tier's maintainer that is at the same frequency
as this tier but with an equal or lesser cost. Returns the published tier with
the monthly price closest to this tier's without going over.
* `createdAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
* `description` (String!): The description of the tier.
* `descriptionHTML` (HTML!): The tier description rendered to HTML.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the SponsorsTier object.
* `isCustomAmount` (Boolean!): Whether this tier was chosen at checkout time by the sponsor rather than
defined ahead of time by the maintainer who manages the Sponsors listing.
* `isOneTime` (Boolean!): Whether this tier is only for use with one-time sponsorships.
* `monthlyPriceInCents` (Int!): How much this tier costs per month in cents.
* `monthlyPriceInDollars` (Int!): How much this tier costs per month in USD.
* `name` (String!): The name of the tier.
* `sponsorsListing` (SponsorsListing!): The sponsors listing that this tier belongs to.
* `updatedAt` (DateTime!): Identifies the date and time when the object was last updated.

## SponsorsTierAdminInfo - object

SponsorsTier information only visible to users that can administer the associated Sponsors listing.

### Fields for `SponsorsTierAdminInfo`

* `isDraft` (Boolean!): Indicates whether this tier is still a work in progress by the sponsorable and
not yet published to the associated GitHub Sponsors profile. Draft tiers
cannot be used for new sponsorships and will not be in use on existing
sponsorships. Draft tiers cannot be seen by anyone but the admins of the
GitHub Sponsors profile.
* `isPublished` (Boolean!): Indicates whether this tier is published to the associated GitHub Sponsors
profile. Published tiers are visible to anyone who can see the GitHub Sponsors
profile, and are available for use in sponsorships if the GitHub Sponsors
profile is publicly visible.
* `isRetired` (Boolean!): Indicates whether this tier has been retired from the associated GitHub
Sponsors profile. Retired tiers are no longer shown on the GitHub Sponsors
profile and cannot be chosen for new sponsorships. Existing sponsorships may
still use retired tiers if the sponsor selected the tier before it was retired.
* `sponsorships` (SponsorshipConnection!): The sponsorships using this tier.
  * `after` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.
  * `before` (String): Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.
  * `first` (Int): Returns the first n elements from the list.
  * `includePrivate` (Boolean): Whether or not to return private sponsorships using this tier. Defaults to
only returning public sponsorships on this tier.
  * `last` (Int): Returns the last n elements from the list.
  * `orderBy` (SponsorshipOrder): Ordering options for sponsorships returned from this connection. If left
blank, the sponsorships will be ordered based on relevancy to the viewer.

## SponsorsTierConnection - object

The connection type for SponsorsTier.

### Fields for `SponsorsTierConnection`

* `edges` ([SponsorsTierEdge]): A list of edges.
* `nodes` ([SponsorsTier]): A list of nodes.
* `pageInfo` (PageInfo!): Information to aid in pagination.
* `totalCount` (Int!): Identifies the total count of items in the connection.

## SponsorsTierEdge - object

An edge in a connection.

### Fields for `SponsorsTierEdge`

* `cursor` (String!): A cursor for use in pagination.
* `node` (SponsorsTier): The item at the end of the edge.

## SponsorsTierOrder - input object

Ordering options for Sponsors tiers connections.

### Input fields for `SponsorsTierOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorsTierOrderField!): The field to order tiers by.

## SponsorsTierOrderField - enum

Properties by which Sponsors tiers connections can be ordered.

### Values for `SponsorsTierOrderField`

* `CREATED_AT`: Order tiers by creation time.
* `MONTHLY_PRICE_IN_CENTS`: Order tiers by their monthly price in cents.

## StripeConnectAccount - object

A Stripe Connect account for receiving sponsorship funds from GitHub Sponsors.

### Fields for `StripeConnectAccount`

* `accountId` (String!): The account number used to identify this Stripe Connect account.
* `billingCountryOrRegion` (String): The name of the country or region of an external account, such as a bank
account, tied to the Stripe Connect account. Will only return a value when
queried by the maintainer of the associated GitHub Sponsors profile
themselves, or by an admin of the sponsorable organization.
* `countryOrRegion` (String): The name of the country or region of the Stripe Connect account. Will only
return a value when queried by the maintainer of the associated GitHub
Sponsors profile themselves, or by an admin of the sponsorable organization.
* `isActive` (Boolean!): Whether this Stripe Connect account is currently in use for the associated GitHub Sponsors profile.
* `sponsorsListing` (SponsorsListing!): The GitHub Sponsors profile associated with this Stripe Connect account.
* `stripeDashboardUrl` (URI!): The URL to access this Stripe Connect account on Stripe's website.

## updatePatreonSponsorability - mutation

Toggle the setting for your GitHub Sponsors profile that allows other GitHub
accounts to sponsor you on GitHub while paying for the sponsorship on Patreon.
Only applicable when you have a GitHub Sponsors profile and have connected
your GitHub account with Patreon.

### Input fields for `updatePatreonSponsorability`

* `input` (UpdatePatreonSponsorabilityInput!): 

### Return fields for `updatePatreonSponsorability`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `sponsorsListing` (SponsorsListing): The GitHub Sponsors profile.

## UpdatePatreonSponsorabilityInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdatePatreonSponsorability.

### Input fields for `UpdatePatreonSponsorabilityInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enablePatreonSponsorships` (Boolean!): Whether Patreon tiers should be shown on the GitHub Sponsors profile page,
allowing potential sponsors to make their payment through Patreon instead of GitHub.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the organization with the GitHub Sponsors profile, if any.
Defaults to the GitHub Sponsors profile for the authenticated user if omitted.

## updateSponsorshipPreferences - mutation

Change visibility of your sponsorship and opt in or out of email updates from the maintainer.

### Input fields for `updateSponsorshipPreferences`

* `input` (UpdateSponsorshipPreferencesInput!): 

### Return fields for `updateSponsorshipPreferences`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `sponsorship` (Sponsorship): The sponsorship that was updated.

## UpdateSponsorshipPreferencesInput - input object

Autogenerated input type of UpdateSponsorshipPreferences.

### Input fields for `UpdateSponsorshipPreferencesInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `privacyLevel` (SponsorshipPrivacy): Specify whether others should be able to see that the sponsor is sponsoring
the sponsorable. Public visibility still does not reveal which tier is used.
* `receiveEmails` (Boolean): Whether the sponsor should receive email updates from the sponsorable.
* `sponsorId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying for
the sponsorship. Required if sponsorLogin is not given.
* `sponsorLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying
for the sponsorship. Required if sponsorId is not given.
* `sponsorableId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableLogin is not given.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableId is not given.